{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f4\fnil\fcharset134 STSongti-SC-Regular;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-BoldItalic;
\f6\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f7\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f8\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f9\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid702\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh7240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \\\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf0 Stylometric Profile of the Author\'92s Outgoing Messages (2011\'962025)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 Lexical Usage Patterns\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Core Vocabulary and Diction:
\f0\b0  The author\'92s texts are dominated by first- and second-person pronouns (\'93I\'94, \'93you\'94, \'93u\'94), conveying a personal, conversational tone. Common function words like \'93just,\'94 \'93like,\'94 and \'93so\'94 are used heavily as discourse fillers and intensifiers. For example, 
\f1\b \'93I don't wanna sound clingy just like I really wasn't upset\'94
\f0\b0  shows \'93just\'94 and \'93like\'94 employed to soften and qualify a statement. The word 
\f1\b \'93just\'94
\f0\b0  appears very frequently to downplay assertions or introduce explanations (e.g. 
\f1\b \'93Srsly I'll just keep doing this forever\'94
\f0\b0 ). Similarly, 
\f1\b \'93like\'94
\f0\b0  is often inserted in a colloquial manner (e.g. 
\f1\b \'93Ah I feel so bad and like I sounded weird\'94
\f0\b0 ), reflecting a spontaneous, speech-like quality in the messaging. The author\'92s core lexicon also includes many affectionate terms and pet names, especially in romantic contexts (calling someone \'93sweetest,\'94 \'93b,\'94 \'93bb\'94 for baby, etc.), as in 
\f1\b \'93Hiiii bb I miss you so much\'94
\f0\b0 . Overall, the diction is informal, emotive, and heavily oriented around personal feelings and relationship dynamics (
\f1\b \'93I love you so much\'94
\f0\b0  is a recurring sentiment).\

\f1\b Slang and Abbreviations:
\f0\b0  The author liberally uses internet and texting slang. Laughter and interjections are commonly rendered as 
\f1\b \'93lol\'94
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b \'93LOL\'94
\f0\b0 , or extended forms like 
\f1\b \'93lololol\'94
\f0\b0  (multiple lols) to indicate amusement (e.g. 
\f1\b \'93There he goes lololol\'94
\f0\b0 ). Similarly, 
\f1\b \'93lmao\'94
\f0\b0 /\'93LMAO\'94 emerges in later years (e.g. 
\f1\b \'93Lmao well then why did you even tell me about it\'94
\f0\b0  in 2023) alongside 
\f1\b \'93haha\'94
\f0\b0  variations (
\f1\b \'93Hahaha I know I'm just trying to cover all my bases\'94
\f0\b0 ). Common chat acronyms appear throughout: 
\f1\b \'93omg\'94
\f0\b0  for shock or excitement (
\f1\b \'93Omg you're the sweetest\'94
\f0\b0 ), 
\f1\b \'93idk\'94
\f0\b0  (\'93I don\'92t know\'94) and 
\f1\b \'93idc\'94
\f0\b0  (\'93I don\'92t care\'94) for uncertainty or indifference (
\f1\b \'93Or something idk idc\'94
\f0\b0 ), 
\f1\b \'93wtf\'94
\f0\b0  for disbelief (
\f1\b \'93Yeah wtf!! B my belly hurts sooo bad\'94
\f0\b0 ), and 
\f1\b \'93btw\'94
\f0\b0  (\'93by the way\'94) for asides (
\f1\b \'93Btw if you at any point wanna golf just let me know\'94
\f0\b0 ). Pronouns and articles are often clipped to single letters \'96 using 
\f1\b \'93u\'94
\f0\b0  for you and 
\f1\b \'93ur\'94
\f0\b0  for your \'96 especially in quick messages (
\f1\b \'93Here u go\'85 Ur welcome\'94
\f0\b0 ). The author also employs 
\f1\b \'93gonna\'94
\f0\b0  (going to) and 
\f1\b \'93wanna\'94
\f0\b0  (want to) in place of formal phrases (
\f1\b \'93I'm gonna call you\'94
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b \'93What do you wanna do\'94
\f0\b0 ), reinforcing the casual register. This consistent use of contemporary slang and abbreviations gives the messages an easy, colloquial flow.\

\f1\b Intensifiers and Emphasis:
\f0\b0  Exaggerated language is a hallmark of the style. The author frequently elongates words for emphasis \'96 especially intensifiers like 
\f2\i so
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i too
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i way
\f0\i0  \'96 by repeating letters. For instance, 
\f2\i \'93so\'94
\f0\i0  becomes 
\f1\b \'93sooooo\'94
\f0\b0  to intensify happiness or frustration (
\f1\b \'93I'm sooooo happy that we're one step closer\'94
\f0\b0 ), and 
\f2\i \'93way\'94
\f0\i0  becomes 
\f1\b \'93waaaay\'94
\f0\b0  to stress degree (
\f1\b \'93you are waaaay smarter than you let on\'94
\f0\b0 ). This occurs with emotional expressions as well, e.g. 
\f1\b \'93I suuuuck\'94
\f0\b0  or 
\f1\b \'93gooooo\'94
\f0\b0  (for \'93go\'94) when whining or begging. The author also uses all-caps words or phrases as intensifiers in informal contexts, effectively \'93shouting\'94 certain words for emphasis. For example, 
\f1\b \'93U A BAD BITCH\'94
\f0\b0  (in playful praise) or 
\f1\b \'93Do you not see how FUCKING TERRIBLE you are making me look\'94
\f0\b0  (in genuine anger) demonstrate how capitalization is used to amplify tone. Another favorite intensifier is 
\f1\b \'93literally\'94
\f0\b0 , which the author often inserts for hyperbole or emphasis, sometimes humorously. In emotional statements we see it used earnestly (if not 
\f2\i literally
\f0\i0  accurately) as in 
\f1\b \'93there literally aren't enough hours in the day to explain how much I love you\'94
\f0\b0 , whereas in lighter moments the author even pokes fun at themselves for overusing it (
\f1\b \'93I mean yes you literally are\'85 And yes you figuratively are as well lol\'94
\f0\b0 ). Overall, the lexicon is 
\f1\b highly expressive
\f0\b0 , relying on lengthened spellings, all-caps, and emphatic adverbs to convey intensity.\

\f1\b Profanity and Vulgar Slang:
\f0\b0  The author is very free with profanity, using it both for emphasis and humor. 
\f1\b \'93Fuck\'94
\f0\b0  (and variants like 
\f2\i fucking
\f0\i0 ) is one of the most frequently used strong words in their messages. It appears as a blunt expletive (
\f1\b \'93Fuckfuckfuck I even love your name\'94
\f0\b0 ), an intensifier (
\f1\b \'93need to make damn fucking sure you understand\'94
\f0\b0 ), or a verb for literal scenarios (
\f1\b \'93we can fuck in front of her for all I care\'94
\f0\b0 ). They also use 
\f2\i fuck
\f0\i0  in a drawn-out or repeated manner for dramatic effect (typing 
\f1\b \'93Fuckkkkkkkkk\'94
\f0\b0  with multiple \'91k\'92s in excitement or frustration). 
\f1\b \'93Shit\'94
\f0\b0  is similarly common, often in idiomatic phrases: 
\f2\i the shit
\f0\i0  to mean \'93the best\'94 (
\f1\b \'93She's THE SHIT\'94
\f0\b0  as high praise), 
\f2\i holy shit
\f0\i0  to express surprise (
\f1\b \'93holy shit if it\'92s right\'94
\f0\b0 ), and \'93shit\'94 as a generic noun for things or nonsense (
\f1\b \'93Is she still saying shit to you\'94
\f0\b0 ). The texts also feature 
\f1\b \'93bitch\'94
\f0\b0  in various uses. Sometimes it\'92s clearly derogatory or insulting, but the author also uses 
\f2\i bitch
\f0\i0  playfully or self-deprecatingly. For example, he jokingly calls his partner 
\f1\b \'93my ratchet ass bitch\'94
\f0\b0  while simultaneously expressing affection (
\f1\b \'93That's you\'85 And I love ya to Pluto and back\'94
\f0\b0 ). In another message he mockingly refers to himself as 
\f1\b \'93a little pussy bitch about illness! 
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56859 
\f1\b \'94
\f0\b0  to convey self-effacing humor about his sensitivity. Other crude terms like 
\f1\b \'93asshole\'94
\f0\b0  appear especially when venting about third parties (
\f1\b \'93she\'92s an asshole, just trying to get in my head\'94
\f0\b0 ) or teasing close friends (
\f1\b \'93You ASSHOLE\'85 LOL I know\'94
\f0\b0 ). In sum, profanity is a 
\f1\b normalized part of the author\'92s lexicon
\f0\b0 , used without hesitation. The frequent use of \'93fuck,\'94 \'93shit,\'94 and \'93bitch\'94 \'97 even in affectionate contexts \'97 suggests a communication style that is candid, unfiltered, and at ease with vulgarity for effect. Despite the crudeness, these words often carry a 
\f1\b friendly or cathartic tone
\f0\b0  in context, aligning with the author\'92s overall blunt and passionate voice.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Morphosyntactic Characteristics\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Sentence Structure and Length:
\f0\b0  The author\'92s messages tend toward 
\f1\b short, simple sentence structures
\f0\b0 , often representing a single clause or thought per text bubble. Many messages are sentence fragments or a few words, reflecting how one might speak in quick bursts. For example, the author often breaks a multi-clause thought into successive messages: 
\f1\b \'93She's still...here....ughhhh\'94
\f0\b0  (first message) then 
\f1\b \'93Can I like...tell her?\'94
\f0\b0  (follow-up message seconds later). Each text on its own is a fragment, but together they form a complete idea. This fragmentary delivery gives the conversation a 
\f1\b stream-of-consciousness feel
\f0\b0 , as if we are seeing each thought as it occurs. When sentences are longer, they are usually strung together with simple conjunctions (\'93and\'94, \'93but\'94) or ellipses rather than formal complex syntax. For instance, 
\f1\b \'93But I just like...ah...this feels so important and if I need to explain like why I was sad before and happy now...\'94
\f0\b0  uses multiple conjunctions and pauses (\'93...\'94) instead of breaking into separate sentences or using semicolons. The result is a run-on quality that mirrors spoken language. There is little evidence of structured, multi-clause sentences with subordination; instead, the author often sends a 
\f1\b rapid series of short clauses
\f0\b0  in separate texts rather than embedding them in one long sentence.\

\f1\b Contractions and Colloquial Forms:
\f0\b0  The author nearly always uses 
\f1\b contracted forms
\f0\b0  (I'm, you're, can't, it's) instead of full formal words, in line with the informal style. For example, 
\f1\b \'93I\'92m not gonna lie\'94
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b \'93you\'92re perfect\'94
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b \'93it\'92s gonna be fine\'94
\f0\b0  are typical (many instances occur, e.g. 
\f1\b \'93Okay I'm walking into the house now. Gonna hide phone so it doesn't get broked\'94
\f0\b0 ). In fact, the texts sometimes use even more colloquial contractions beyond standard English: 
\f1\b \'93ima\'94
\f0\b0  (or \'93I\'92ma\'94) is used for 
\f2\i \'93I\'92m gonna\'94
\f0\i0  \'96 as in 
\f1\b \'93Here's what ima do\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 and 
\f1\b \'93whatcha\'94
\f0\b0  appears for 
\f2\i \'93what are you\'94
\f0\i0  (e.g. 
\f1\b \'93Whatcha dooooin\'94
\f0\b0  for \'93what are you doing\'94). The author also writes 
\f1\b \'93\'92em\'94
\f0\b0  for 
\f2\i them
\f0\i0  occasionally and 
\f1\b \'93ya\'94
\f0\b0  for 
\f2\i you
\f0\i0  (see 
\f1\b \'93If ya know what's good for ya\'94
\f0\b0 ). These non-standard contractions and phonetic spellings (like 
\f2\i \'93tryna\'94
\f0\i0  for trying to, 
\f2\i \'93kinda\'94
\f0\i0  for kind of, 
\f2\i \'93gonna\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93wanna\'94
\f0\i0 , etc.) are prevalent, giving the text an 
\f2\i authentically spoken
\f0\i0  flavor. Standard grammar rules are loosened in favor of phonetic ease \'96 for example, the author says 
\f1\b \'93I told you that i totally understand\'94
\f0\b0 , leaving \'93I\'94 in lowercase \'93i\'94 mid-sentence, likely due to fast typing or disabled auto-correct. Such lowercase 
\f1\b \'93i\'94
\f0\b0  for the pronoun appears occasionally (perhaps uncorrected in the rush of messaging), though mostly \'93I\'94 is capitalized. There\'92s also inconsistent agreement and dropped words in some sentences, suggesting an 
\f2\i impromptu quality
\f0\i0  where the author is typing as thoughts come, sometimes neglecting minor grammatical consistency. Despite these quirks, the overall syntax remains clear \'96 the author relies on 
\f2\i simple clauses, conversational connectors, and common contractions
\f0\i0  to communicate fluidly.\

\f1\b Use of Questions and Commands:
\f0\b0  The author frequently poses questions, often in a rapid or rhetorical manner, and these are usually 
\f1\b informally structured
\f0\b0 . It\'92s common to see multiple question marks or combined punctuation for emphasis in questions (e.g. 
\f1\b \'93how can you tell?!?!\'94
\f0\b0  showing excitement and inquiry together). Yes/no questions are often truncated: 
\f1\b \'93Where atttt?\'94
\f0\b0  (with 
\f2\i \'93at\'94
\f0\i0  extended for emphasis) or 
\f1\b \'93You wanna bail or stay here?\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 dropping the subject in the second clause. Commands and suggestions are phrased casually, often starting with \'93let\'92s\'94 or expressed as friendly imperatives: 
\f1\b \'93Meet me at marathon\'94
\f0\b0  or 
\f1\b \'93Just let me know and I will always be there\'94
\f0\b0 . The tone is invitational rather than authoritative, aligning with the cooperative, affectionate context of most messages.\

\f1\b Grammar and Negation:
\f0\b0  The texts show a preference for 
\f1\b informal negation
\f0\b0 . The author almost never uses \'93do not\'94 or \'93cannot,\'94 opting instead for 
\f1\b \'93don\'92t,\'94 \'93can\'92t,\'94 \'93won\'92t,\'94 \'93ain\'92t\'94
\f0\b0  etc. In fact, double negatives or colloquial negation slip in occasionally for effect: 
\f2\i \'93that shit ain\'92t no jokes\'94
\f0\i0 . Grammar \'93mistakes\'94 that are typical in speech are present, though they seem intentional or at least not corrected \'96 for example, 
\f1\b \'93If I faint just revive me and keep going\'94
\f0\b0  (missing a comma before \'93just\'94 as it\'92s a spoken run-on), or 
\f1\b \'93My heart hurts from not seeing you\'85 How long do u think you\'92ll be out for?\'94
\f0\b0  ending a clause with a preposition (\'93out for\'94). These lend authenticity to the conversational style. The author does not appear concerned with formal grammar rules like not ending sentences with prepositions or using whom vs. who, etc. The messaging grammar is 
\f1\b driven by clarity and emotion, not formality
\f0\b0 . When needed, the author can produce grammatically complex sentences \'96 for instance, when writing a serious missive, they managed a fully structured sentence: 
\f1\b \'93I\'92ve been trying really hard not to send you any emotionally loaded texts while you\'92re working.\'94
\f0\b0 . But such sentences stand out as deliberate and likely composed with extra care, whereas the bulk of the corpus favors 
\f2\i simple, loosely connected syntax
\f0\i0 . In summary, the morphosyntactic profile is one of 
\f1\b simplicity and speech-mimicking structure
\f0\b0 : short clauses, heavy use of contractions, colloquial shorthand, and grammar that bends toward expressive ease rather than textbook rules.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Orthographic and Punctuation Style\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Capitalization:
\f0\b0  In general, the author uses standard capitalization for the start of sentences and the pronoun \'93I\'94 \'96 but with plenty of 
\f2\i intentional deviations
\f0\i0 . They sometimes leave \'93I\'94 lowercase in mid-sentence (as noted earlier, 
\f1\b \'93i totally understand\'94
\f0\b0 ), likely out of typing haste. More conspicuously, the author employs 
\f1\b all-caps
\f0\b0  text strategically to convey strong emotion such as excitement, anger, or joking mock-seriousness. All-caps may be used for single words or short phrases: e.g., 
\f1\b \'93YOU? BEER?\'94
\f0\b0  to playfully emphasize a suggestion, or 
\f1\b \'93MOM NO\'94
\f0\b0  to mimic a shouted protest. In conflicts, they turn whole clauses caps-lock: 
\f1\b \'93For NO REASON\'94
\f0\b0  shows rage and exasperation by capitalizing the key phrase. This selective all-caps usage is a form of 
\f1\b textual prosody
\f0\b0 , indicating how the author would likely raise their voice or stress those words in speech. Conversely, there are moments of all-lowercase usage beyond just the stray \'93i\'94 \'96 particularly in later messages where the author\'92s tone is subdued or resigned. For example, 
\f1\b \'93i\'92m not about to give that up now lol\'94
\f0\b0  is typed all-lowercase (aside from LOL), perhaps reflecting a tired or nonchalant voice in that moment. These shifts suggest the author sometimes toggles off capitalization to match a mood (lowercase for deadpan or somber delivery, uppercase for intensity). Overall, capitalization is 
\f1\b not rigidly applied
\f0\b0  \'96 it\'92s manipulated for tone, with correctness sacrificed occasionally for speed or style.\

\f1\b Punctuation Use:
\f0\b0  The author\'92s punctuation is expressive and non-formal. Standard periods and commas are used, but often omitted at the ends of messages \'96 it\'92s common for a text to simply end without a period (the send action acting as the full stop). When commas appear, they sometimes splice together what could be separate sentences, mirroring a breathless speaking style. 
\f1\b Ellipses (...)
\f0\b0  are a 
\f1\b signature
\f0\b0  punctuation mark in this corpus. The author loves to use \'93\'85\'94 to denote pauses, trailing thoughts, or implied unsaid feelings. We see ellipses both mid-sentence and as standalone messages. For example: 
\f1\b \'93Can I like...tell her?\'94
\f0\b0  uses an ellipsis to convey hesitation, and 
\f1\b \'93So..... This is where she will go violent tho\'94
\f0\b0  leads with a drawn-out pause (\'93So.....\'94) to build suspense or reluctance. Often multiple ellipses are strung together or extended beyond three dots, e.g. 
\f1\b \'93She's still...here....ughhhh\'94
\f0\b0  has an unusual four-dot sequence followed by another four-dot, emphasizing a long sigh or eye-roll before \'93ughhhh\'94. This heavy ellipsis use gives the text a 
\f2\i conversational rhythm
\f0\i0 , indicating when the author is pausing, unsure, or implying something.\
In contrast to the soft pause of ellipses, the author also uses 
\f1\b exclamation points
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b question marks
\f0\b0  in repeated sequences for emotional effect. 
\f1\b Multiple exclamation points
\f0\b0  are very common, especially in affectionate or excited statements (e.g., 
\f1\b \'93We\'92re gonna fight if you keep calling my dreamgirl a hoe Casey !!!!\'94
\f0\b0  uses four exclamation marks to ensure the playful threat is read as hyperbole). Similarly, 
\f1\b \'93No!!!!! Gabeyyyyy\'94
\f0\b0  shows a dramatic \'93No\'94 with five exclamation marks and a stretched name, expressing mock despair in a joking context. Question marks get the same treatment when appropriate \'96 often the author will use 
\f1\b \'93?!\'94
\f0\b0  or 
\f1\b \'93?!?!\'94
\f0\b0  to convey incredulity or an excited question, as in 
\f1\b \'93Hahah how can you tell?!?!\'94
\f0\b0 . The mixing of \'93?\'94 and \'93!\'94 punctuations (interrobang style) shows the author\'92s combined surprise and question, effectively replacing a tone of voice. Single questions in casual contexts may even lack a question mark if the tone is understood (though this is less common).\

\f1\b Creative Spelling and Emphasis:
\f0\b0  Orthographically, the author is not afraid to bend spelling rules for effect. We\'92ve noted the deliberate elongation of words with repeated letters \'96 this is technically an orthographic choice to signal emphasis (e.g., 
\f2\i \'93sooo happy\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93miss ur faaaace\'94
\f0\i0 ). They also occasionally use nonstandard spellings to represent accents or humorous pronunciation. For instance, writing 
\f1\b \'93ya\'94
\f0\b0  for 
\f2\i you
\f0\i0 , 
\f1\b \'93knooow\'94
\f0\b0  with extra vowels for an exaggerated 
\f2\i know
\f0\i0 , or 
\f1\b \'93cooookin\'94
\f0\b0  with additional \'93o\'94 to mimic a drawn-out \'93cooking.\'94 In one message, the author wrote 
\f1\b \'93Dim ur phone loser\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 \'93Dim your phone\'94 \'96 but in context this appears to be a joking command to a friend with a deliberately brusque tone (using \'93ur\'94 and calling them \'93loser\'94 playfully). Similarly, 
\f2\i with
\f0\i0  is sometimes spelled 
\f1\b \'93wif\'94
\f0\b0  to imitate a cutesy pronunciation (
\f1\b \'93hang wif ur puppy\'94
\f0\b0 ), and 
\f2\i mouth
\f0\i0  became 
\f1\b \'93mouf\'94
\f0\b0  in a joking sexual context (see 
\f1\b \'93I said 'in the cart' asshole\'94
\f0\b0  / 
\f1\b \'93In ur mouf\'94
\f0\b0  from a bantering exchange). The author also uses onomatopoeic spellings like 
\f1\b \'93ugh\'94
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b \'93gah\'94
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b \'93hmmm\'94
\f0\b0 , and 
\f1\b \'93ahhh\'94
\f0\b0  freely to convey sounds and feelings. For example, 
\f1\b \'93Ahhhahshdhdh I'm smiling so hard\'94
\f0\b0  shows a string of \'93ahhh\'94 plus random letters to represent gleeful incoherent sounds, and 
\f1\b \'93ughhhh\'94
\f0\b0  perfectly transcribes a groan of frustration. These creative spellings indicate that 
\f2\i clarity is sometimes secondary to emotion
\f0\i0  \'96 the author assumes the reader will understand these nonstandard forms (as they are common in internet culture), and uses them to add personality to the text.\

\f1\b Emoji and Symbols:
\f0\b0  Punctuation in the corpus isn\'92t limited to the usual marks; the author also incorporates 
\f1\b emoji
\f0\b0  and other Unicode symbols as part of their written expression, effectively treating them as punctuation or emotional shorthand. They use emoji frequently at the ends of sentences or as standalone messages to convey tone. For example, 
\f1\b \'93Betty got sick 
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55358 \u56610 
\f1\b \'94
\f0\b0  includes the 
\f2\i nauseated face
\f0\i0  emoji to show a pet\'92s illness (and perhaps the author\'92s disgust), adding a visual layer to the text. In laughter or lighthearted moments, they often use the 
\f2\i tears of joy
\f0\i0  
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56834 
\f0  emoji or 
\f2\i rolling on the floor laughing
\f0\i0  
\f3 \uc0\u55358 \u56611 
\f0 . One message string from 2018 contains 
\f1\b \'93
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55358 \u56611 \u55357 \u56834 \u55358 \u56599 \u55357 \u56877 
\f1\b \'94
\f0\b0  back-to-back \'96 a chain of four emoji (rolling-laugh, laugh-cry, hug, sob) \'96 to dramatize an emotional reaction, followed by the hashtags 
\f2\i #realitycheck #sorry
\f0\i0  in the same message. The combination reads as an almost theatrical display of laughter and mock-crying, then a tongue-in-cheek hashtag commentary. The author also uses pictographs like 
\f1\b \'93
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56328 
\f1\b \'94
\f0\b0  (cat) and 
\f1\b \'93
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56445 
\f1\b \'94
\f0\b0  (alien) in playful ways (
\f1\b \'93
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56328 
\f1\b  Meww\'94
\f4\b0 \'a1\'be
\f0 1\'86L11-L14\}, sending a cat emoji followed by 
\f2\i \'93Meww\'94
\f0\i0  to imitate a cat\'92s meow). Emoticons (text-based smileys) appear in the earlier years \'96 e.g., 
\f1\b \'93:)\'94
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b \'93:(\'94
\f0\b0  are used on occasion (
\f1\b \'93Thanks for helping me clean :)\'94
\f4\b0 \'a1\'be
\f0 7\'86L13-L21
\f4 \'a1\'bf
\f0  to show happiness, 
\f1\b \'93Yes I remember :( That makes me sad\'94
\f0\b0  to show sadness). However, over time the author transitions more to graphical emoji.\
In terms of other symbols, the author sometimes uses 
\f1\b hashtags in messages
\f0\b0  not to tag topics, but humorously or sarcastically, as one would on social media. For instance, after saying something very cheesy romantic, they added 
\f1\b \'93#cheesyenough4u?\'94
\f0\b0  to self-mock the cheesiness. This shows a 
\f2\i cross-platform influence
\f0\i0  \'96 bringing Twitter/Instagram style into private texts as a joke or emphasis. They also occasionally use creative layout or non-letter characters, like the section sign or musical notes, though these are rare and usually context-driven (e.g., possibly sending a formatted list with bullet points as seen in one 2015 message).\

\f1\b Corrections and Meta-Punctuation:
\f0\b0  It\'92s notable that the author will sometimes send follow-up messages to correct typographical errors, essentially using punctuation or markers to fix mistakes. For example, after a typo, they might send asterisks or the corrected word: *
\f2\i \'93hmmm
\f0\i0 \'94** or simply 
\f1\b \'93Back\'94
\f0\b0  to correct \'93cack\'94 in the previous message (the sequence shows 
\f2\i \'93come cack\'94
\f0\i0  then a separate \'93Back\'94 correction). In recent years, the chat platform\'92s 
\f1\b edit feature
\f0\b0  is explicitly noted: 
\f1\b \'93Edited to \'91Are we going to that guy house?\'92\'94
\f0\b0  appears in the log, indicating the author modified a sent message (changing a jumbled 
\f2\i \'93jkmmmmjuu house\'94
\f0\i0  to \'93that guy\'92s house\'94). This is a modern punctuation-of-sorts: the 
\f2\i Edited
\f0\i0  label shows the author\'92s desire for clarity, retroactively fixing content. It\'92s an interesting evolution in the orthographic record \'96 early on, mistakes were left or corrected with asterisks in a new text, whereas by 2025, the interface itself shows edits, implying the author (or platform) places value on the precision of what was sent.\
In summary, the author\'92s punctuation and orthography are 
\f1\b highly expressive and unconventional
\f0\b0 . They deploy punctuation marks (!!!, ???, \'85) and typography (all-caps, lowercase, stretched spellings) as tools to convey voice, tone, and emotional nuance in writing. Traditional rules are frequently bent: commas appear or vanish based on cadence rather than grammar, periods are often dropped in favor of a line break, and spelling can transform to illustrate feeling. This approach makes the messages 
\f1\b feel authentic and animated
\f0\b0 , as if the reader can \'93hear\'94 the fluctuations in the author\'92s voice and mood purely through the creative mechanics of text.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Emoji and Paralinguistic Cues\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Laughter and Amusement:
\f0\b0  The author uses 
\f2\i laughter indicators
\f0\i0  abundantly, mixing text acronyms with actual emoji. 
\f1\b \'93Lol\'94
\f0\b0  (laugh out loud) is a staple \'96 it appears both in lowercase and occasionally capitalized or extended (
\f1\b \'93lolz\'94
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b \'93lololol\'94
\f0\b0 ) depending on emphasis. For instance, 
\f1\b \'93Lol she didn't even try to save it\'94
\f0\b0  shows a casual chuckle within a sentence, whereas a standalone 
\f1\b \'93Lololol\'94
\f0\b0  or 
\f1\b \'93HAHAHAH\'94
\f0\b0  indicates bigger laughter. The author often stacks 
\f1\b \'93haha\'94
\f0\b0  in sequences (writing 
\f2\i \'93hahaha\'94
\f0\i0  or even longer strings like 
\f1\b \'93hahahahah\'94
\f0\b0 ) to convey sustained laughter. For example: 
\f1\b \'93Hahahahah of course dude!\'94
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b \'93Hahahah perfect\'94
\f0\b0 . They sometimes prepend a 
\f2\i \'93B\'94
\f0\i0  or 
\f2\i \'93G\'94
\f0\i0  to laughter (e.g. 
\f1\b \'93Bahhhhu I love u\'94
\f0\b0  or 
\f1\b \'93Gahahahha\'94
\f0\b0 ), which seems like a phonetic quirk \'96 possibly 
\f2\i \'93baha\'94
\f0\i0  as in an excited laugh or 
\f2\i \'93gahaha\'94
\f0\i0  expressing shock + laugh. Additionally, the author uses 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56834 
\f1\b  (Face with Tears of Joy)
\f0\b0  frequently to visually express laughter. An example from 2017: 
\f1\b \'93Yeeeeeaaaaah we'll see 
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56834 
\f1\b \'94
\f0\b0 , where the emoji punctuates a sarcastic or joking statement. In some cases multiple 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56834 
\f0  are chained (
\f1\b \'93
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56834 \u55357 \u56834 \u55357 \u56834 
\f1\b \'94
\f0\b0 ) to amplify the effect. By 2018, we even see 
\f3 \uc0\u55358 \u56611 
\f0  
\f2\i Rolling on the Floor Laughing
\f0\i0  emoji combined with 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56834 
\f0 , indicating intense humor. All these cues (lol, haha, laughing emoji) are used not just when something is objectively funny, but also tactically to 
\f2\i diffuse tension, signal sarcasm, or maintain a light tone
\f0\i0 . For instance, the author might add a 
\f2\i \'93lol\'94
\f0\i0  to a mildly serious statement to soften it: 
\f1\b \'93I literally can't be jelly. I have EVERYTHING now, I mean it! Like it does not get any better than this lol\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 the 
\f2\i lol
\f0\i0  here ensures the boast comes off as playful. Overall, laughter cues are 
\f1\b ubiquitous
\f0\b0 , underscoring the author\'92s jovial, bantering style and the desire to keep conversations positive even when content might be serious.\

\f1\b Emotion and Reaction Emoji:
\f0\b0  Beyond laughter, the author\'92s emoji usage spans the emotional spectrum, serving as 
\f1\b tone regulators
\f0\b0  in the conversations. A few common ones and their functions in the texts:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f3\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u55357 \u56845 
\f1\b  (Smiling Face with Heart-Eyes):
\f0\b0  Used to show love or adoration. E.g., 
\f1\b \'93
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56845 \u55357 \u56845 \u55357 \u56845 \u55357 \u56845 
\f1\b  ahhhh I love you\'94
\f0\b0  conveys the speaker swooning. They often drop a heart-eyes emoji when complimenting the partner or reacting to something cute.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f3\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u55357 \u56856 
\f1\b  (Face Blowing a Kiss) and 
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56856 \u55357 \u56860 
\f1\b  (winky/kiss faces):
\f0\b0  Occasionally to flirt or thank. For instance, sending multiple 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56860 
\f0  tongue-out winky faces as a teasing reply.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f3\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u55357 \u56866 
\f1\b /
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56877 
\f1\b  (Crying Faces):
\f0\b0  to show sadness or faux sadness dramatically. They sometimes write 
\f2\i \'93aww\'94
\f0\i0  and pair it with a crying emoji to amplify the pouty tone (
\f1\b \'93Nobody likes me 
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56866 
\f1\b  Except you\'94
\f0\b0 ). In groupings, a 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56834 
\f0  might be followed by 
\f3 \uc0\u55358 \u56599 
\f0  or 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56877 
\f0  to denote \'93laugh till you cry\'94 or mixed feelings.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f3\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u55357 \u56865 
\f1\b  (Angry Face) and 
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56880 
\f1\b /
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56869 
\f1\b  (Anxious Faces):
\f0\b0  These appear when the author is conveying anger or fear in a semi-serious way, often to quote someone else or express frustration at a situation. For example, showing someone else\'92s anger: 
\f1\b \'93
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56865 
\f1\b  \'96 tim\'94
\f0\b0  to indicate Tim is mad.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f3\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u55358 \u56610 
\f1\b  (Nauseated Face):
\f0\b0  As noted, the author used this when describing the cat\'92s illness, effectively substituting for saying \'93vomit\'94 or \'93gross.\'94\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f3\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u55357 \u56845 
\f1\b , 
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55358 \u56599 
\f1\b , 
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55358 \u56698 
\f1\b  (Pleading Face):
\f0\b0  Not explicitly shown in excerpts above, but given the emotional nature of messages, likely used to beg or show puppy-dog eyes effect if available (the logs show heavy use of other emoji, we can infer similar use of any love/pleading ones).\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Unique emoji
\f0\b0 : The author sometimes throws in unique ones to match context, e.g. 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56445 
\f0  (alien) used in a playful secret way: 
\f1\b \'93...in 2 weeks 
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56445 
\f1\b \'94
\f0\b0 , possibly implying something mysterious or inside joke (\'93alien\'94 as a playful symbol). Another example: 
\f1\b \'93
\f3\b0 \uc0\u9803 \u65039 
\f1\b \'94
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b \'93
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56606 
\f1\b \'94
\f0\b0  appear in one 2015 conversation \'96 these might have been inside jokes or referencing zodiac (
\f3 \uc0\u9803 \u65039 
\f0  Cancer sign) and \'93adults only\'94 (
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56606 
\f0 ), adding a layer of humor or coded meaning.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Crucially, the author doesn\'92t 
\f2\i overuse
\f0\i0  any single emoji to the point of meaninglessness; rather, they select emoji that fit the moment\'92s mood, often placing them at the 
\f1\b end of a message as a tone indicator
\f0\b0 . For instance, 
\f1\b \'93I won't ever do drugs without ya again lol\'94
\f0\b0 , followed immediately by 
\f1\b \'93Ohhhhh my!\'94
\f0\b0  then 
\f1\b \'93Do you know another name for a bundle of ...\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 here they didn\'92t use an emoji, but in other similar playful promises they might stick a 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56841 
\f0  or 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56860 
\f0  to show they\'92re joking. It\'92s reasonable to say that whenever the text itself might be misunderstood, the author adds an emoji or \'93lol\'94 to guide the interpretation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Transcribed Sounds and Reactions:
\f0\b0  The author frequently types out 
\f1\b non-verbal sounds
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b paralinguistic expressions
\f0\b0  in text form, performing the role of emoji or adding nuance in ways punctuation can\'92t. We see 
\f2\i \'93Ahhh,\'94 \'93Ugh,\'94 \'93Mm,\'94 \'93Gah,\'94 \'93grr,\'94
\f0\i0  etc., which convey emotions like frustration, longing, or hesitation. For example:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'93Ah I'm so sorry I wasn't trying to be weird just quiet\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 starts with an \'93Ah\'94 to express a quick regretful sound.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'93Gahhhh I need to be with you\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 \'93Gah\'94 shows exasperated yearning.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'93Ugh shudder\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 literally writing 
\f2\i shudder
\f0\i0  after an \'93ugh\'94 to emphasize how cringed they feel by something said.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'93Hmm\'94
\f0\b0  and extended 
\f1\b \'93Hmmm\'94
\f0\b0  appear when the author is thinking or skeptical. e.g., 
\f1\b \'93Hmmm let me seeeeee\'94
\f0\b0  with \'93see\'94 stretched \'96 they are pondering an option, that elongated 
\f2\i hmmm
\f0\i0  and 
\f2\i seeeee
\f0\i0  gives a contemplative tone.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'93Mhmm\'94
\f0\b0  is used for agreement, but in a drawn-out or sarcastic way (one instance: 
\f1\b \'93Mhmm sure ya do\'94
\f0\b0  to playfully express \'93yeah, sure you do\'94).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 They also mimic actions or noises in text: 
\f1\b \'93
\f5\i sigh
\f1\i0 \'94
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b \'93
\f5\i sniff
\f1\i0 \'94
\f0\b0 , or writing 
\f1\b \'93haaaaalp\'94
\f0\b0  for a goofy \'93help,\'94 etc., though specific examples in the excerpt are scant, the pattern of phonetic spelling implies this likely occurs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Use of Onomatopoeia and Childlike Tone:
\f0\b0  Occasionally, the author slips into a cuter, childlike tone in a flirtatious or affectionate context, indicated by playful misspellings (as mentioned: 
\f2\i \'93mouf,\'94 \'93wif,\'94 \'93yeeeesh\'94
\f0\i0 ). They also imitate animal or baby sounds when being endearing: sending 
\f1\b \'93
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56328 
\f1\b  Meww\'94
\f0\b0  as a cat sound when sharing a picture of a cat, or writing out 
\f1\b \'93
\f5\i snuggles
\f1\i0 \'94
\f0\b0  or 
\f1\b \'93nom nom\'94
\f0\b0  (not in provided snippet but typical of the style, given the creativity observed). Laughter can also be stylized, like 
\f1\b \'93Ahhhahshdhdh\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 essentially gibberish that represents laughing so hard one\'92s smashing the keyboard. These textual sound cues are an important part of how the author conveys 
\f1\b tone of voice
\f0\b0 , ensuring the recipient knows when something is said in jest, in a whiny cute way, or with dramatic flair.\
In essence, the author\'92s communication is 
\f1\b rich with paralinguistic markers
\f0\b0  \'96 both in visual emoji and in textual sound representations. This allows them to convey emotional context that plain words might miss in a text-only medium. The frequent use of laughter markers keeps the conversation warm and light; the insertion of emoji like 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56877 
\f0  or 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56856 
\f0  at just the right moments helps avoid miscommunication of tone; and the written-out interjections (\'93ugh,\'94 \'93hmmm,\'94 \'93yayyy\'94) bring a personal, informal flavor as if the author is 
\f2\i speaking through the text
\f0\i0 . These elements strongly characterize the author\'92s style as 
\f1\b highly emotive and engaging
\f0\b0 , with a constant effort to make the reader 
\f2\i feel
\f0\i0  the voice behind the words.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Humor and Conversational Style\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Overall Tone and Humor:
\f0\b0  A defining trait of this author\'92s messages is a consistent thread of 
\f1\b humor, wit, and playfulness
\f0\b0 . Even when discussing serious matters, they often interject a joke or a sarcastic comment to lighten the mood. The humor displayed ranges from silly and affectionate to sharp and sarcastic. For example, the author isn\'92t shy about making fun of themselves or the situation: 
\f1\b \'93I warned you that I was a little pussy bitch about illness! 
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56859 
\f1\b \'94
\f0\b0  \'96 here they jokingly call themselves a wimp for being sick, punctuated with a tongue-out emoji to ensure it\'92s taken lightly. They frequently use 
\f1\b self-deprecating humor
\f0\b0  in romance, e.g., 
\f1\b \'93I'm such a bum with no job and fucked up priorities\'94
\f0\b0  (paraphrasing a longer rant) or calling themselves 
\f2\i \'93a complete fuckboi\'94
\f0\i0  in a tongue-in-cheek manner. This shows a tendency to address personal flaws with comedic exaggeration rather than earnest self-pity.\

\f1\b Sarcasm and Irony:
\f0\b0  The author\'92s sarcasm often comes through via tone indicators like quotes or hashtags. At times they put quotes around a word to indicate irony or a special reference \'96 for instance, referring to someone as 
\f2\i \'93friends\'94
\f0\i0  in quotes might imply they\'92re not really friends. In one case, they wrote: 
\f6\b\fs26 "stop bothering me bitch nigga"
\f0\b0\fs24  (with quotes) to indicate it\'92s something someone said, likely with heavy irony or shock value. Another instance is responding to something obvious with a facetious twist; when the partner says something overly romantic or unrealistic, the author might respond with a meme or sarcasm. They literally tag a romantic line with 
\f1\b \'93#cheesyenough4u?\'94
\f0\b0  to playfully acknowledge 
\f2\i \'93yes, I know that was cheesy.\'94
\f0\i0  This self-aware humor shows the author can step outside the earnestness and poke fun at it.\
Sarcasm is also evident when the author feigns formality or feigns offense in a humorous way. For example, they might say 
\f1\b \'93Y'all bleed and have very gentle holes\'85 And every so often you get to push something 490x the size\'85\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 this outrageous, mock-educational tone about women\'92s anatomy (to a female friend presumably) is an example of shock humor: taking a crude fact and presenting it in a faux serious way for laughs. The friend responds in kind, indicating this dark or bawdy humor is shared.\

\f1\b Pop Culture and References:
\f0\b0  The author\'92s humor sometimes leverages references or exaggerations known in culture. They mention things like 
\f2\i Based God
\f0\i0  (an internet meme), or make hyperbolic statements like 
\f1\b \'93We should sell our text history as a romance novel\'94
\f0\b0  (an actual suggestion they made in jest). At one point they wrote 
\f2\i \'93#whatislife\'94
\f0\i0  after a dramatic or absurd event, employing a hashtag phrase common in social media to mock the craziness of the moment. In another, when feeling complete with their partner, they use a movie reference line \'93You complete me\'94 then tag 
\f1\b #cheesyenough4u?
\f0\b0 , mixing sincere pop culture quote with a wink. These show the author has a meta sense of humor \'96 they\'92re aware of clich\'e9s and actively joke about them even as they experience them.\

\f1\b Teasing and Nicknames:
\f0\b0  With friends and loved ones, the author is very 
\f1\b teasing
\f0\b0 . The language is full of playful jabs and affectionate insults. For example, with his girlfriend he might say 
\f1\b \'93You MY ratchet ass bitch\'94
\f0\b0  in a clearly loving way, reclaiming those harsh words as pet names. To a close friend, he writes 
\f1\b \'93Dim ur phone, loser\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 obviously not meant in true malice, but as a friendly nudge (the friend likely would retort back similarly). He often uses 
\f1\b \'93dude\'94
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b \'93fam\'94
\f0\b0 , or even 
\f1\b \'93hoe\'94
\f0\b0  in a jocular sense among friends (e.g. 
\f1\b \'93We're gonna fight if you keep calling my dreamgirl a hoe Casey!!!! Kidding\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 he immediately clarifies he\'92s kidding after a fake threat, showing it\'92s all in good fun). The creation of 
\f1\b nicknames and inside jokes
\f0\b0  is prevalent. The logs show references to real people with twisted nicknames (like calling someone 
\f2\i fuckboi [Name]
\f0\i0 , or using friends\'92 last names as shorthand). He also does humorous wordplay with names \'96 at one point calling their partner 
\f2\i \'93Anne Frank\'94
\f0\i0  in a joking context because his name is Dan (Dan & Anne Frank, a play on the famous name, seen in 
\f1\b \'93Anne and Dan Frank\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 a dark historical joke slipped into romantic texting). This indicates an edgy, spontaneous wit.\

\f1\b Exaggeration and Hyperbole:
\f0\b0  Much of the comedic effect comes from the author\'92s 
\f1\b over-the-top exaggerations
\f0\b0 . They rarely understate; instead they dramatically overstate feelings for comedic or emphatic effect. When thrilled, they say 
\f1\b \'93I am 1000% sure\'94
\f0\b0  or 
\f1\b \'93literally the happiest I've ever been\'94
\f0\b0  (knowing it\'92s figurative). When frustrated, everything becomes extreme: 
\f1\b \'93I hung the fuck up on her\'94
\f0\b0  or 
\f1\b \'93she has been acting fucking nuts\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 adding profanity to intensify the drama in a way that can come off as darkly humorous or at least very candid. Even in love, they use irreverent hyperbole: 
\f1\b \'93I wanna spend forever smothering you in love\'94
\f0\b0  (a sweet sentiment couched in an aggressive verb like smother \'96 likely intentionally dramatic and a bit comedic in its intensity). The author seems aware of the absurdity of their own emotions and often exaggerates them to acknowledge that. For instance, after a long gush of affection, they might say 
\f2\i \'93We should frame this and show people how cheesy we are\'94
\f0\i0  (paraphrased from context), thus 
\f2\i inviting the reader to laugh with them at the intensity
\f0\i0 .\

\f1\b Conversational Jokes and Callbacks:
\f0\b0  The messages show evidence of 
\f1\b running jokes
\f0\b0  and callbacks to earlier humor. The author might reference something said earlier in a sarcastic way later on, to create continuity in the banter. For example, if the partner once joked about something, he might later say 
\f2\i \'93As you would say, [catchphrase]\'94
\f0\i0 . In one part, after a conflict involving a laptop and a friend named Casey, when it gets resolved, he exclaims 
\f1\b \'93He got the laptop AND the weed... Like the funniest resolution to this\'94
\f0\b0 , framing what was a serious conflict in comedic terms as if it were a sitcom plot that ended ironically. This ability to find humor in retrospect is a hallmark of his style \'96 he actively turns stressful incidents into a funny story to tell.\
The author also indulges in 
\f1\b pranks or mischievous suggestions
\f0\b0  as jokes. For instance, during a tense scenario with an ex present, he quips to his new partner: 
\f1\b \'93Unless you don't care if she knows about us, in which case we can fuck in front of her for all I care\'94
\f0\b0 . This outrageous suggestion in context is clearly not serious \'96 it\'92s a shock-value joke meant to break the tension with dark humor, and indeed the partner likely laughed (given their dynamic). This illustrates the author\'92s sometimes 
\f2\i provocative comedic streak
\f0\i0 ; they\'92ll say something borderline inappropriate or absurd to get a laugh and ease pressure.\

\f1\b Affectionate Humor:
\f0\b0  Importantly, much of the humor is 
\f1\b interwoven with affection
\f0\b0 . He and his partner often share goofy, lovey-dovey jokes that double as expressions of love. For example, he might jokingly kneel to her: 
\f1\b \'93We're like soul mates, did I mention she's a supermodel cam girl sex goddess, lud u b\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 here he\'92s half-jokingly bragging about her exaggeratedly, using internet language (\'93lud u\'94 likely 
\f2\i \'93love you\'94
\f0\i0  in a cute typo way), merging humor with genuine adoration. They joke about being 
\f2\i cool kids
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i effortlessly hip
\f0\i0 , etc., in a way that strengthens their bond through shared silliness. Internally, they even create comedic 
\f2\i \'93rules\'94
\f0\i0  or fantasies (like 
\f2\i kidnapping each other playfully
\f0\i0 ). This style of humor builds a 
\f2\i private world
\f0\i0  in their texts where even serious feelings are often wrapped in a joke to make them less overwhelming and more fun.\
In conclusion, the author\'92s humor is 
\f1\b multifaceted \'96 sarcastic, self-aware, irreverent, and loving all at once
\f0\b0 . They use humor as a tool to connect (teasing nicknames, shared jokes), to cope (sarcasm and hyperbole in tough times), and to express feelings (exaggerated declarations with a wink). The conversational style is reminiscent of an intimate stand-up routine at times, where the author is performing for the audience of their friend or lover, ensuring that even the mundane or difficult is imbued with a sense of 
\f2\i \'93we can laugh about this.\'94
\f0\i0  This not only entertains the recipient but also reinforces camaraderie and intimacy, which seems to be exactly the intent behind the constant levity in the messages.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Register Shifts and Code-Switching\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Shifting Formality:
\f0\b0  While the author\'92s default style is very informal and slang-rich, there are notable moments where they 
\f1\b code-switch to a much more formal register
\f0\b0 . These usually occur when context demands it \'96 for example, when communicating with someone older or in a position of authority, or when conveying gravely serious content. A stark illustration is when the author drafts a letter to his girlfriend\'92s parents asking permission to date her. In the text thread, his style abruptly changes from casual to 
\f1\b polite and formal English
\f0\b0 : 
\f2\i \'93I'm reaching out to you because I would like to ask for your permission to see your daughter, Anne. I hope you will allow me to address some of the obvious concerns...\'94
\f0\i0 . In this message, he uses no slang, fully written words (
\f2\i \'93I would like to ask\'94
\f0\i0  instead of \'93wanna ask\'94), proper punctuation, and even the respectful term \'93your daughter, Anne\'94 instead of just Anne. The tone is measured and almost bureaucratic, which is a 
\f1\b dramatic departure
\f0\b0  from his usual emotive candor. It reads like a carefully crafted email or letter, indicating the author is capable of suppressing his personal voice in favor of a more standardized English when necessary.\
After drafting that formal message (likely to be sent or shown externally), he immediately reverts to his normal tone when back to talking to his girlfriend or friends. This suggests that the formal register is not his comfortable mode but rather a 
\f2\i conscious adaptation
\f0\i0 . Another example of such adaptation is when coordinating logistics or dealing with third parties: in a 2025 exchange involving a friend and the girlfriend\'92s parents, the author instructs his friend with uncharacteristic corporate-sounding language: 
\f2\i \'93If you happen to talk to Ellen, please be mindful of my optics in what you say. [Name] doesn\'92t seem to realize how much her own inaction and denial has reflected poorly on me and I\'92m going to need to do some damage control.\'94
\f0\i0 . Words like \'93mindful of my optics,\'94 \'93reflected poorly,\'94 \'93damage control\'94 are 
\f1\b formal, PR-type phrasing
\f0\b0  not seen in his casual interactions. He\'92s effectively code-switching to a strategic, professional tone because the situation (managing impressions with parents/Ellen) calls for that mindset. It stands out because normally he\'92d say something like \'93please don\'92t make me look bad, I have to fix this mess\'94 \'96 but instead he says \'93noticeably more productive\'94 and \'93optics,\'94 showing a deliberate shift in diction likely influenced by professional or strategic considerations.\

\f1\b Audience-Sensitive Language:
\f0\b0  The author adjusts his vocabulary and directness depending on whom he\'92s addressing. With his 
\f1\b girlfriend/close friends
\f0\b0  (people of his own age and social circle), he is unreserved \'96 cursing, using pet names, making lewd jokes, etc. With 
\f1\b his mother or others\'92 parents
\f0\b0 , he\'92s far more restrained. We don\'92t see him dropping F-bombs to his mom in texts; in fact, when texting family, he still uses some slang but tones it down. For instance, he texts his mom something like 
\f2\i \'93i\'92m at the office with my mom. it\'92s like take your son to work day\'94
\f0\i0  to his girlfriend \'96 that shows he\'92s making a joke 
\f2\i to his girlfriend
\f0\i0  about a formal situation, but if he were texting the mom or someone at the office, he\'92d likely not use that tone. Indeed, later we see him texting 
\f2\i \'93Mom there\'92s going to be a lot of shit we just...\'94
\f0\i0  \'96 here \'93shit\'94 appears even addressing his mom, but contextually it sounds like a heated moment. Generally, direct communications with parents show 
\f2\i slightly more respectful wording but still candid
\f0\i0 . He might drop honorifics or soften his tone, e.g., 
\f1\b \'93Mom, I said I would be there Thursday\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 compared to how he\'92d rib a friend with \'93listen here, dingus\'94.\
When talking to 
\f1\b acquaintances or service people
\f0\b0 , there\'92s evidence he can be straightforward and polite. For example, making plans with less-close contacts he sticks more to plain English: 
\f2\i \'93I'd need y'all to do most of the playlisting. We'll get shit going.\'94
\f0\i0  \'96 still casual \'93y\'92all\'94 and \'93shit,\'94 but that\'92s in a friend context about a gig. If it was an actual client or boss, he might avoid \'93shit\'94 entirely. The logs do contain some messages to presumably professional contacts (e.g. discussing gigs or meeting up for work); in those, he tends to be enthusiastic but a bit more 
\f1\b structured
\f0\b0  (e.g., confirming times, using \'93I will\'94 instead of \'93I\'92ll\'94 occasionally, etc., though he often still defaults to casual unless formality is expected).\

\f1\b Nicknames and Address:
\f0\b0  Code-switching is also evident in how he addresses people. With 
\f1\b friends
\f0\b0 , first names or nicknames are constant; with 
\f1\b figures of authority
\f0\b0 , he uses titles or formal address if needed. In the parent-permission letter, he never uses the parent\'92s first name \'96 he writes formally without directly naming them (because it\'92s presumably \'93Dear Mr. X\'94 style). If he ever texted a boss or older relative, likely he\'92d use \'93sir/ma\'92am\'94 or more titles. There\'92s one segment where he says 
\f2\i \'93Annie said to call my dad and tell him\'94
\f0\i0 , and then 
\f2\i \'93your mom called my mom\'94
\f0\i0  \'96 when referring to parents in third person he\'92s respectful or at least not overly casual (he says \'93my mom/dad\'94 rather than using first names, of course). However, in direct conversation with his girlfriend\'92s parents (if any), he likely maintains a courteous tone (though the dataset suggests such communication was primarily through that formal written message rather than casual texting).\

\f1\b Emotional vs. Practical Code-Switching:
\f0\b0  Another interesting register shift is not just formal vs informal, but 
\f1\b emotional vs. factual
\f0\b0 . When the author is discussing 
\f2\i feelings
\f0\i0 , especially with his partner, the language overflows with adjectives, intensifiers, and poetic or dramatic phrases (
\f1\b \'93I feel alive\'85 my head, heart and physical being \'96 you own me\'94
\f0\b0  kind of romantic talk shows up). In contrast, when focusing on 
\f2\i plans or information
\f0\i0 , he becomes much more direct and utilitarian in wording. For example, coordinating a meetup: 
\f1\b \'93Just put it towards tomorrow. I already got the money out\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 short, no frills, and all lowercase. Or a quick update: 
\f1\b \'93K I'm on golf course\'94
\f0\b0  (using \'93K\'94 for OK and dropping any fluff). He can go from a gushing 
\f2\i \'93I love you so much and miss ur face\'94
\f0\i0  to a clipped 
\f2\i \'93Omw\'94
\f0\i0  (on my way) or 
\f2\i \'93Here\'94
\f0\i0  text. This suggests he subconsciously switches 
\f2\i modes
\f0\i0  depending on communicative intent \'96 expressive mode vs. task-oriented mode. It\'92s a subtle form of code-switching within the informal spectrum.\

\f1\b Consistent Voice with Peers:
\f0\b0  It should be noted that with all his close peers (friends from school, girlfriends, etc.), the voice is pretty consistent: casual, profane, loving, and joking. Whether he\'92s texting his best guy friend or his romantic partner, he uses a lot of the same slang (lol, bro terms, curse words). The main difference is content (with friends he might talk more about parties or vent about someone; with partner it\'92s \'93I miss you\'94 and emotional support), but stylistically they\'92re both very informal. Even gendered language can flip: he\'92ll call a male friend 
\f2\i dude
\f0\i0  or 
\f2\i bro
\f0\i0  and a female friend 
\f2\i girl
\f0\i0  or 
\f2\i babe
\f0\i0  in a joking way, but he\'92s equally likely to say \'93dude\'94 to his girlfriend or call a male friend \'93bitch\'94 in jest. This shows his 
\f1\b peer register
\f0\b0  is a kind of universal youthful slang that he applies broadly among his age group.\

\f1\b Example of Register Adaptation:
\f0\b0  In one dramatic sequence from February 2025, he\'92s coordinating between his girlfriend (who\'92s acting irrationally) and a friend who is helping:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 To the 
\f1\b girlfriend
\f0\b0  (peer, but in conflict): He\'92s emotional and somewhat informal, yet trying to restrain himself: 
\f2\i \'93why aren\'92t you telling me ANYTHING? Do you not see how FUCKING TERRIBLE you are making me look\'85 I told you WHY it was Thursday\'94
\f0\i0  \'96 He\'92s yelling in text (all caps, swearing) because he\'92s upset \'96 so the register is raw and uncensored.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Immediately to the 
\f1\b friend
\f0\b0  about the situation: 
\f2\i \'93Not sure how to handle that other than really being on the ball and noticeably more productive when we get back.\'94
\f0\i0  This is him strategizing in a cool-headed manner with the friend, using almost business-like phrasing (
\f2\i \'93on the ball,\'94 \'93productive\'94
\f0\i0 ). The switch between these messages is jarring but telling: with the girlfriend he isn\'92t code-switching to formal even though he\'92s upset \'96 he stays passionate and cursing (because that relationship\'92s dynamic allows it). With the friend (who perhaps is older or just the one helping manage the optics), he suddenly switches to a 
\f1\b collegial, problem-solving tone
\f0\b0 . This indicates he respects the friend\'92s role or the nature of that conversation (damage control) enough to drop the \'93omg this is crazy lol\'94 tone and adopt a straightforward, 
\f2\i mature demeanor
\f0\i0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Use of Politeness Markers:
\f0\b0  In casual chat, politeness is conveyed more through affection than through formal words \'96 he says \'93thank you\'94 sometimes, but more often it\'92s \'93ty\'94 or a compliment. However, in serious or formal contexts he does use polite phrasing. In the parent letter, he uses 
\f2\i \'93I hope you will allow me to...\'94
\f0\i0 , which is a very deferential construction. With friends, he wouldn\'92t say \'93allow me to\'94 \'96 he\'92d say \'93let me.\'94 With someone\'92s parent, he does. Similarly, when asking a favor of a friend in a serious context, he might say \'93please\'94 more earnestly than usual. Generally among friends, instead of \'93please,\'94 he\'92ll phrase it as 
\f2\i \'93you should totally \'85\'94
\f0\i0  or \'93can you maybe \'85\'94 which is casual politeness. We do see instances of \'93Thank you\'94 spelled out in emotional moments (
\f1\b \'93Thank you for making sure I know you're not bailing\'94
\f0\b0  he says to his girlfriend, which is heartfelt but still casual context).\
In summary, the author 
\f1\b can adapt his register
\f0\b0  significantly when needed: formal, grammatically complete, and polite for outside audiences or serious propositions; versus his default warm, profane shorthand with close ones. These shifts show a keen awareness of audience and context \'96 he knows when to switch off the constant \'93lol\'94 and profanity (even if it\'92s hard \'96 those formal messages read as if he\'92s choosing words carefully). It\'92s also worth noting that these shifts are relatively infrequent and clearly demarcated. The vast majority of the corpus stays in his comfort zone of informal speech, meaning those formal excursions feel almost like role-playing a different persona. Once the need passes, he slides right back into his true voice \'96 perhaps even with a joking relief, like 
\f2\i \'93Ugh I hated writing that but had to\'94
\f0\i0 . Indeed, after sending the formal letter excerpt to his girlfriend (for review or just to share), he immediately followed with 
\f1\b \'93Jsyk I only say that because I want this to be PERFECT...\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 introducing \'93Jsyk\'94 (just so you know) and all-caps \'93PERFECT\'94 in the very next text, as if shedding the stiff persona and returning to his expressive self. This contrast underscores his versatile but ultimately 
\f1\b authentic youthful voice
\f0\b0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Conversational Dynamics and Structure\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Message Pacing and Bursts:
\f0\b0  The author tends to send messages in 
\f1\b rapid-fire bursts
\f0\b0  rather than composing long paragraphs in one go. This means a single sentence or thought might be split across several messages sent seconds apart. For example, instead of sending one long message that says \'93Can I tell her? Because if I do, she\'92ll leave,\'94 he sends: 
\f1\b \'93Can I like...tell her?\'94
\f0\b0  then 
\f2\i (10 seconds later)
\f0\i0  
\f1\b \'93Because she'll really clear out if so\'94
\f0\b0 . Each part gets its own bubble. This pacing suggests the author is typing and hitting send as soon as a chunk of thought is ready, not pausing to edit or combine with the next chunk. It gives a feeling of 
\f1\b real-time interaction
\f0\b0 , almost like each message is a breath in a spoken conversation. The recipient often responds in between, but even when they don\'92t, the author continues to fire off sequential pieces (like a stream of consciousness). This habit can sometimes result in 
\f2\i message flooding
\f0\i0 , where the author sends many consecutive texts. At one point, during an excited planning, the logs show him sending about 
\f1\b 4\'965 messages within the same minute
\f0\b0 , each adding a new sentence (\'93I told you that I totally understand!\'94, then \'93I will come find you whenever it works\'94, then \'93Do whatcha need to do and I\'92ll be ready\'94, and so on). The effect on the reader is a sense of 
\f1\b urgency and exuberance
\f0\b0  \'96 one can almost imagine the notifications pinging rapidly.\

\f1\b Use of \'93K\'94 and One-Word Texts:
\f0\b0  The author sometimes sends one-word or very short acknowledgments, like 
\f1\b \'93K\'94
\f0\b0  or 
\f1\b \'93Okie\'94
\f0\b0  or 
\f1\b \'93Kk :)\'94
\f0\b0 . These often come after a series of exchanges as a quick confirmation. Notably, he uses 
\f1\b \'93K\'94
\f0\b0  (just the single letter) to mean okay, which is a very terse affirmation \'96 but he also often softens it by writing 
\f1\b \'93Kk\'94
\f0\b0  (double K) which reads a bit friendlier, or 
\f1\b \'93Okie\'94
\f0\b0 /\'93Okayy\'94 which feels warmer. The addition of 
\f1\b \'93:)\'94
\f0\b0  or an emoji with a \'93Kk\'94 (as seen in 
\f1\b \'93Kk :)\'94
\f0\b0 ) further assures the recipient that the brevity isn\'92t cold. This shows an awareness: a lone \'93K.\'94 can be read as curt, so he often makes it \'93Kk\'94 or \'93Okay 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56397 
\f0 \'94 to maintain a positive tone even in very short messages.\

\f1\b Threading and Callbacks:
\f0\b0  In multi-message bursts, the author might reference an earlier message in the thread implicitly, relying on context rather than explicitly quoting. For example, he might say 
\f1\b \'93that\'92s what I was afraid of\'94
\f0\b0  in one message referring to something the partner said a few messages ago, without restating the whole idea (he trusts the partner to follow the thread). This reflects a 
\f1\b high-context conversational style
\f0\b0  typical in texting threads \'96 they both keep track of the conversation, so shorthand references suffice. He also uses pronouns like \'93that\'94 or \'93it\'94 across messages to tie ideas together (e.g., 
\f1\b \'93it didn't have to be like this. But this is where we are\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 \'93it\'94 referring to the situation described in previous texts).\

\f1\b Corrections and Revisions:
\f0\b0  We touched on how the author self-corrects by sending follow-ups (the \'93Back\'94 after \'93cack\'94 example, or a \'93*\'94 correction). This means the conversation sometimes contains these meta-elements, which the participants naturally understand (they likely mentally edit the prior message with the correction). It shows that 
\f2\i speed is valued over perfection
\f0\i0  in his messaging; he\'92d rather shoot the message out and correct after if needed, than spend extra time getting it perfect before sending. This contributes to a very 
\f1\b interactive, live feel
\f0\b0  \'96 it\'92s as if the typos and corrections are part of the dialogue.\

\f1\b Emotion Peaks and Gaps:
\f0\b0  The author\'92s pacing also varies with emotional state. In 
\f1\b emotional highs or crises
\f0\b0 , the message bursts become faster and more fragmented (lots of short texts, one after the other). For instance, during a jealousy/fear episode, he sent a volley of anxious messages like: 
\f2\i \'93Promise u don't need to worry...\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93She's going tomorrow\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93Just don't worry that I'm rekindling things with her...at all.\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93We aren't speaking at all other than her insulting me sporadically\'94
\f0\i0  \'96 these came rapidly, reflecting his racing thoughts. By contrast, in 
\f1\b calmer exchanges
\f0\b0  (like when both are at work or apart), the messages are spaced out and sometimes more complete in each send. For example, an evening check-in might be one thoughtful message instead of 10 little ones. If the partner doesn\'92t respond for a while, he often fills the silence with a follow-up humor or reassurance (e.g., 
\f1\b \'93Text when you're free. Loves u b.\'94
\f0\b0  after an unanswered question, showing he\'92s signing off with love instead of pressing).\

\f1\b Turn-Taking and Overlap:
\f0\b0  Because we only have the outgoing side, we infer the partner\'92s replies from context. It appears the author sometimes 
\f1\b double-texts
\f0\b0  (sends again before the other replies) if he\'92s particularly eager or if he wants to add information. He acknowledges when he\'92s doing it: 
\f1\b \'93K done bothering.\'94
\f0\b0  implies he realizes he\'92s sent many messages and is now stopping to wait. He even jokes about it: 
\f1\b \'93Srsly I'll just keep doing this forever\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 meaning texting incessantly \'96 showing self-awareness of his chatty onslaught. When the partner is responsive, the back-and-forth is quick and lively, each building on the other\'92s last text often with the same energy. When the partner is slow or busy, the author\'92s tone sometimes shifts to more self-contained statements or questions, and occasionally anxiety if left on read too long (like 
\f1\b \'93??? you had told me that you would be able to come pick me up\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 the triple question mark conveys the anxious urgency after presumably not getting an answer).\

\f1\b Use of Newlines and Formatting:
\f0\b0  In a few messages, the author uses actual line breaks 
\f2\i within
\f0\i0  a single message for list formatting or dramatic effect. For example, in one 2015 text he formatted a mini itinerary with bullet points, each item on a new line starting with a symbol. This shows he\'92s comfortable with 
\f1\b structured text
\f0\b0  when needed (it\'92s rare, but he knows how to do it). He might also send a message that\'92s just a hashtag or just an emoji on its own line to make it stand out. For instance, 
\f1\b \'93#overit\'94
\f0\b0  was a standalone message following an emotional statement \'96 acting almost like a mic-drop or afterthought commentary. This conscious formatting choice (putting the hashtag alone) was likely to give it comedic timing.\

\f1\b Negative Space and Silence:
\f0\b0  An interesting aspect of the conversation structure is how the author handles moments when there\'92s nothing to say or when he\'92s going to be unavailable. He often announces 
\f1\b \'93BRB\'94
\f0\b0  behavior implicitly: 
\f2\i \'93Snap you from my shower\'94
\f0\i0  or 
\f2\i \'93Ok one sec going outside\'94
\f0\i0  to signal a short pause in chatting. If he fails to respond for a while, he apologizes: 
\f1\b \'93Sorry I wasn\'92t answering. Just hid my phone while I was here to prevent drama\'94
\f0\b0 . This shows he\'92s very communicative about his status \'96 he doesn\'92t like leaving the partner wondering. When he knows he might not reply, he gives a head-up (and indeed, logs show the partner does the same to him sometimes). This 
\f2\i metaconversational awareness
\f0\i0  keeps their pacing smooth \'96 long silences are either mutually understood (sleep, etc.) or explained.\
If there\'92s actual conflict-based silence (like the partner going radio silent due to being upset), he responds with a flurry of worried texts trying to fix it, as seen in February 2025 where he sends multiple messages with increasing frustration when the girlfriend isn\'92t replying to clarifications. The conversation dynamic in those moments is one-sided and escalating, revealing that the author\'92s style is to 
\f1\b confront silence head-on with more communication
\f0\b0 , rather than stepping back. This can overwhelm the chat, but it\'92s true to his emotive nature.\

\f1\b Multi-Modal Integration:
\f0\b0  The conversation isn\'92t just text \'96 the author frequently references sending or planning to send photos (
\f1\b \'93
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56567 
\f1\b  I'll snap you from my shower\'94
\f0\b0 ), links (SoundCloud links, Reddit links in the logs), and even likely voice notes or calls (
\f1\b \'93Call you back\'94
\f0\b0 ). He smoothly weaves these into the flow: e.g., he might send a meme link with a \'93HAHAH\'94 then immediately continue commentary in text. The presence of 
\f1\b embedded media
\f0\b0  doesn\'92t disrupt his style; rather, he often captioned or commented on images with the same humor (like sending a funny Reddit link and writing \'93That's the post hahahah\'94). This indicates an interactive, multimedia conversational style, where texting is just one channel in a broader digital dialogue.\
In summary, the 
\f1\b conversational structure
\f0\b0  in this corpus is lively, rapid, and highly interactive. The author\'92s style of sending multiple short messages in succession creates a sense of 
\f2\i rhythm
\f0\i0  and 
\f2\i urgency
\f0\i0 . He manages turn-taking in a fluid way \'96 sometimes dominating when enthusiastic, other times yielding and just sending a quick \'93kk\'94 to confirm. The numerous emotional cues and corrections integrated into the flow illustrate a conversation that\'92s not pre-planned but unfolding organically, with all the starts, stops, and overlaps of a spoken conversation. This dynamic approach makes the reader (or chat partner) feel almost as if they are 
\f2\i face-to-face
\f0\i0  with the author, experiencing each beat of emotion as it happens. The result is an engaging and unmistakably personal conversational fingerprint.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Temporal Evolution and Style Drift (2011\'962025)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Over the span of nearly 15 years covered by this corpus, the author\'92s fundamental voice remains recognizable \'96 
\f1\b informal, emotive, and witty
\f0\b0  \'96 but there are subtle evolutions that reflect both personal maturation and broader changes in communication trends from 2010s to mid-2020s.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Early Years (c. 2011\'962015):
\f0\b0  The earliest messages (the few from 2011 and then mostly 2015) show a youthful exuberance and unfiltered emotional outpouring. In 2015, the author is in a new romance, and the style is 
\f1\b effusive and somewhat chaotic
\f0\b0  (in a charming way). During this period, we see:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Extremely frequent use of slang and texting acronyms
\f0\b0 : \'93lol\'94 and \'93haha\'94 in almost every other message, liberal \'93omg\'94 and \'93wtf\'94 usage. Emoticons like 
\f1\b ":)"
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b ":("
\f0\b0  were still used alongside emoji in 2015, suggesting the author was bridging from an era before emoji were ubiquitous.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Maximalist emphasis
\f0\b0 : the 2015 messages are full of elongated letters (
\f1\b \'93sooooo happy\'94
\f4\b0 \'a1\'be
\f0 11\'86L1-L9\}, 
\f1\b \'93miss ur faceeeeee\'94
\f4\b0 \'a1\'be
\f0 11\'86L85-L93
\f4 \'a1\'bf
\f0 ) and over-the-top declarations (
\f1\b \'93I would change everything about my life to have you in it\'94
\f0\b0  \'96 a romantic hyperbole from 2015). The author at this stage appears 
\f2\i more uninhibited in pouring out feelings
\f0\i0 , often in long monologues via text.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A bit more raw impulsivity
\f0\b0 : There are moments of misspellings or scrambled text that he doesn\'92t correct in 2015, possibly due to excitement or intoxication (e.g., 
\f2\i \'93Luj you\'94
\f0\i0  for love you, 
\f2\i \'93suffen\'94
\f0\i0  for sudden). This gives early messages a 
\f2\i slightly messy, candid quality
\f0\i0 . The author was younger and perhaps cared less about polishing anything \'96 texting was purely conversational and instantaneous.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Emerging emoji use
\f0\b0 : 2015 shows some emoji (the cat 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56328 
\f0 , the Cancer zodiac 
\f3 \uc0\u9803 \u65039 
\f0 , etc.), but the majority of emotional nuance was conveyed through text and emoticons. The author was definitely adopting emoji (he sent 
\f2\i \'93
\f3\i0 \uc0\u55357 \u56832 
\f2\i \'94
\f0\i0  and 
\f2\i \'93
\f3\i0 \uc0\u55357 \u56869 
\f2\i \'94
\f0\i0  in 2015), but not as creatively or frequently as a bit later. It\'92s around 2016\'962017 in the logs that emoji usage really spikes (lots of 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56834 
\f0  by 2017). So early on, he\'92s still using a mix of old-school :P and new emoji, a sign of the transitional time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Middle Years (2016\'962020):
\f0\b0  As we move through 2016-2018, the author\'92s relationship dynamics and life situation changed (the intense 2015 relationship seems to have evolved or ended; new friends and topics appear). Stylistically:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The core informal style stays
\f0\b0 : He\'92s still saying \'93idk,\'94 \'93lol,\'94 swearing, etc., like second nature. However, 
\f1\b there\'92s a slight dial-down in lovey-dovey verbosity after 2015
\f0\b0 . In 2015 with Annie, he would send paragraphs of devotion. By 2017-2018, while still expressive, his messages to friends or a new partner contain a bit more brevity in some cases and perhaps more sarcasm vs. pure sappy earnestness. This could indicate emotional growth or simply different context (with Annie he was very romantic; with others he might be more guarded or comedic).\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 More emoji and GIF-like expressions
\f0\b0 : As emoji became more ingrained in texting culture, the author incorporated them more. By 2018, he\'92s comfortable stringing multiple emoji ironically (
\f3 \uc0\u55358 \u56611 \u55357 \u56834 \u55358 \u56599 \u55357 \u56877 
\f0 ) and using them in place of words. We see 
\f1\b \'93
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55358 \u56611 \u55357 \u56834 
\f1\b \'94
\f0\b0  used where earlier he might have spammed \'93hahaha.\'94 It suggests he\'92s keeping up with the times \'96 using visual language more.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Maintained or increased sarcasm
\f0\b0 : Through the Trump era (2016-2020) for example, some political snark appears. E.g., him quoting something racist or offensive someone said and responding with dark humor (the 
\f2\i \'93bitch nigga\'94
\f0\i0  quote in 2017 with a shocked reply). His use of memes (#realitycheck, referencing Reddit posts) increases, showing a very online sense of humor that matured with the late 2010s internet culture.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Still very expressive with close friends
\f0\b0 : e.g., in 2018 he texts a friend 
\f1\b \'93You make me want to not go to nyc\'94
\f0\b0  in a heartfelt way, and 
\f1\b \'93i literally hate myself for not thinking to do that\'94
\f0\b0  regarding some regret \'96 showing self-deprecating humor and emotional honesty remain part of his toolkit.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A bit more structure when needed
\f0\b0 : It\'92s around these years that he occasionally has to handle more adulting tasks (jobs, moving, etc.), and one can see him switching tones more frequently. For example, texting a coworker or new acquaintance might be slightly more polite (\'93I\'92ll be there in 10\'94), but inevitably he slips a \'93lol\'94 or emoji even then (can\'92t help himself, it\'92s his personality).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Recent Years (2021\'962025):
\f0\b0  By the 2020s, the author is in his 30s. His style reflects a blend of 
\f1\b maturity and consistency
\f0\b0 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The informal, humorous core is 
\f1\b still absolutely present
\f0\b0 . He still says 
\f1\b \'93Lmao\'94
\f0\b0  at jokes, uses 
\f1\b \'93lol\'94
\f0\b0  to diffuse tension, and swears when passionate. The 
\f2\i flavor
\f0\i0  of slang has adjusted to the times (for instance, \'93Lmao\'94 is more prevalent now than \'93rofl\'94 or older acronyms; he uses modern internet shorthand like \'93optics\'94 ironically). He references current things \'96 e.g., making fun of Dean Phillips in 2023 via an Atlantic article, or talking about \'93the game is a panic attack lmao it\'92s so sweaty\'94 about a 2023 video game, showing current slang (\'93sweaty\'94 meaning intense) has entered his vocabulary. This indicates he stays 
\f1\b conversationally up-to-date
\f0\b0 .\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 More self-regulation in emotional moments:
\f0\b0  In 2025, we see him actively trying not to bombard his partner with heavy texts while she\'92s busy: 
\f1\b \'93Sorry I don\'92t need any response to that. I\'92ve been trying really hard not to send you any emotionally loaded texts while you\'92re working\'94
\f0\b0 . This sentence is a far cry from 2015\'92s impulsive flood of feelings. It shows a conscious maturity \'96 he\'92s aware of timing and appropriateness now. Of course, his resolve breaks a day later when stress peaks and he unloads a bit (the all-caps frustration), but even then, after cooling down, he returns with a measured approach, apologizing and explaining calmly. This suggests 
\f1\b improved emotional calibration
\f0\b0  in his style. He\'92s better at meta-communication (explaining why he\'92s saying something, not just blurting it out).\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use of editing and reaction features:
\f0\b0  The presence of 
\f2\i edited messages
\f0\i0  in logs by 2025 indicates he\'92s using platforms that allow editing or unsending. He took advantage of that to clarify a typo (\'93jkmmmmjuu\'94 to \'93guy\'94 house). That\'92s a behavioral change enabled by technology \'96 earlier he\'92d send a \'93*guy\'94 correction; now he just edits. Also, by 2024, ephemeral or reactive messaging (like tapback reactions on iMessage) might be in play, though the logs don\'92t explicitly show them (some \'93Removed a like\'94 or \'93reacted to\'94 lines might be present outside snippet). It means communication has become slightly less about long texts and more about quick reactions. Yet the author\'92s style remains text-heavy because he\'92s naturally verbose.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Slight reduction in over-the-top romantic gushing:
\f0\b0  The 2023-2025 messages, while still loving, carry a different weight. There\'92s more discussion of practical life and conflict resolution with the partner (charging phones, coordinating travel, dealing with parents) \'96 and in these, his language is more 
\f1\b straightforward and solution-oriented
\f0\b0  than in 2015 when it was all \'93I miss you, I\'92m dying to see you.\'94 Compare a 2015 message: 
\f1\b \'93I love you sooooo much and miss ur face b\'94
\f0\b0  with a 2025 message: 
\f1\b \'93i should have listened to you\'85 tomorrow i\'92ll let you take the power bank\'94
\f0\b0 . The latter is caring (he\'92s conceding she was right) but it\'92s pragmatic in wording and lowercase in tone, with a little \'93lol\'94 at the end to show humility. Love is shown by cooperation and apology here, rather than flowery proclamations. This hints at a 
\f1\b more mature, less idealistic phase
\f0\b0  in which actions and practical support are how he expresses care, not just effusive words. It\'92s a natural drift as relationships and individuals mature.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Big Picture:
\f0\b0  The author\'92s stylometric fingerprint \'96 candid, humorous, emotional \'96 has been 
\f1\b remarkably consistent
\f0\b0 , but refined. He learned when to hold back (as in formal or urgent contexts) and when to unleash (with friends, he\'92s just as goofy at 35 as at 25). His vocabulary expanded with the times (adopting new slang, emoji trends), while some youthful quirks (like excessive letter elongation and Tumblr-esque melodrama) have toned down slightly. One could say around mid-2020s his text style is 
\f2\i a bit more balanced
\f0\i0 : still informal but capable of formality, still emotional but somewhat more self-aware, still humorous but with a touch more dry wit and less pure goofiness than a decade prior.\
For instance, in 2015 if upset he might send 20 sorrowful texts and then a meme; in 2025 if upset he sends 5 texts \'96 some angry, then a clear explanation \'96 and maybe a 
\f2\i \'9315% so far lol\'94
\f0\i0  about his phone charging to lighten the end. The 
\f1\b essence of him is unchanged
\f0\b0  \'96 an expressive, loving jokester \'96 but the presentation has subtly adapted to adulthood and evolving messaging norms.\

\f1\b Negative Evidence (What\'92s Absent):
\f0\b0  Throughout all these years, certain formalities or linguistic features are virtually never seen:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 He never uses a greeting like \'93Dear [Name],\'94 nor signs off with \'93Sincerely\'94 or even his name \'96 the idea of a formal letter is alien to his texting (except the one time he literally was drafting a letter externally).\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 He doesn\'92t use 
\f1\b high-level vocabulary or jargon
\f0\b0  in casual talk \'96 no SAT words or technical speak pop up. Even when discussing work or complex topics, he keeps it colloquial. For example, he\'92ll say 
\f2\i \'93my optics\'94
\f0\i0  ironically but not \'93my reputation\'94 seriously.\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 There\'92s 
\f1\b no use of other languages
\f0\b0  or code-switch into, say, Spanish or text-speak like \'93C U l8r\'94. His style of abbreviation is modern internet English, not older SMS shorthand. He spells words out or uses common acronyms, but you won\'92t see \'93gr8\'94 for great or \'932\'94 for to/too.\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 He rarely if ever uses 
\f1\b punctuation like semicolons or parentheses
\f0\b0  to separate thoughts. That level of writing formality or aside-making just doesn\'92t appear \'96 instead, he\'92d use an em dash or just start a new line. The absence of semicolons is notable given how many run-on sentences he produces; he never tries to correct them with a semicolon, he just lets them run or breaks with a newline.\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The author also never 
\f1\b censors his profanity
\f0\b0  (no use of **** or abbreviations like \'93f\'92ing\'94). If he means \'93fuck,\'94 he says \'93fuck.\'94 This implies he never had an instance where he felt he had to tone it down with euphemisms in text \'96 supporting the idea that all these messages are to people with whom he\'92s comfortable being uncensored.\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 He does not use 
\f1\b third-person or distant narration
\f0\b0  in personal texts; everything is from his perspective (\'93I\'94) and addressed directly (\'93you\'94). There are no hypothetical/philosophical rambles void of personal pronouns. In other words, he doesn\'92t suddenly write in a completely different style (like writing a poem or a super detached observation) \'96 even when sharing lyrics or quotes, he frames them in his own enthusiastic voice.\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Another absent element: 
\f1\b no evidence of code-switching to an entirely different language or dialect
\f0\b0 . He doesn\'92t slip into, say, AAVE or heavy regional slang beyond mainstream internet parlance. His voice is fairly consistent American millennial English throughout.\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lastly, 
\f1\b he rarely shows restraint in word choice
\f0\b0  \'96 i.e., he doesn\'92t avoid words or topics except formal niceties. He openly talks about love, drugs, sex, anger. There\'92s no systematic avoidance of taboo topics; if anything, he avoids 
\f2\i nothing
\f0\i0 . The only thing he might avoid is high-effort typography or overly formal speech as noted.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In sum, the timeline from 2011 to 2025 for this author is one of 
\f1\b gradual evolution rather than drastic change
\f0\b0 . The core informality and expressiveness of his stylometry stays constant, making his messages across years still clearly identifiable as \'93him.\'94 Yet, one can detect the influence of life stages: the starry-eyed romantic phase with its flood of affectionate creativity, the later balanced phase where humor and affection remain but are tempered by experience and context. It\'92s a rich trajectory that demonstrates how a writing style can remain authentic while flexibly adapting to new norms and personal growth \'96 the linguistic fingerprint\'92s main loops and whorls stay the same, even as the lines thicken slightly with age.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Synthesis: Stylometric Fingerprint and Personality Inferences\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Bringing together these observations, we can summarize the author\'92s distinctive communication 
\f1\b profile
\f0\b0  and even venture some hypotheses about his personality and psychology as reflected in his writing. Below is a structured breakdown of key stylometric features, how confident we are in their consistency, and what they might indicate:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 Stylometric Signature Matrix\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Unrestrained Informality & Slang
\f0\b0  \'96 
\f2\i Confidence: Very High
\f0\i0 . The author almost exclusively writes in a casual register, peppered with slang (
\f7\fs26 lol
\f0\fs24 , 
\f7\fs26 omg
\f0\fs24 , 
\f7\fs26 wtf
\f0\fs24 , 
\f7\fs26 idk
\f0\fs24 ) and non-standard contractions (
\f7\fs26 gonna
\f0\fs24 , 
\f7\fs26 wanna
\f0\fs24 , 
\f7\fs26 ya
\f0\fs24 , 
\f7\fs26 u
\f0\fs24 ). This is evident in every conversation sample across years. It suggests he values authenticity and closeness in relationships \'96 he brings everyone into a relaxed, peer-like space. There is no code-switch to formal speech with friends; even with slight shifts, he remains fundamentally casual. This feature is a reliable marker of his style.\
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Expressive Spelling (Elongation & Emphasis)
\f0\b0  \'96 
\f2\i Confidence: Very High
\f0\i0 . Frequent use of elongated words (
\f7\fs26 soooo
\f0\fs24 , 
\f7\fs26 waaaay
\f0\fs24 , repeated punctuation) appears throughout the corpus. He uses text as an expressive medium, almost like vocal inflection. This indicates high emotional expressiveness \'96 he 
\f2\i feels
\f0\i0  things intensely and ensures the text reflects it (e.g., \'93soooo happy\'94 not just \'93so happy\'94). It\'92s a stable trait from youth to adulthood, though slightly toned down in frequency as he matured. We can confidently attribute any text full of such elongations and all-caps outbursts to him.\
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Heavy Use of Laughter Markers (LOL, Haha, 
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56834 
\f1\b )
\f0\b0  \'96 
\f2\i Confidence: Very High
\f0\i0 . The author\'92s messages are rarely serious for long \'96 he almost always interjects a 
\f2\i \'93lol\'94
\f0\i0 , a string of \'93haha\'94, or a laughing emoji in conversations. This pattern is consistent and deliberate, used to maintain a light tone and camaraderie. It strongly suggests a personality that is 
\f1\b highly sociable, agreeable, and conflict-averse
\f0\b0 , using humor to bond and defuse. The consistency of laugh markers is such that their absence in a message often signals that something is truly wrong or serious for him.\
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Emojis as Emotional Cues
\f0\b0  \'96 
\f2\i Confidence: High
\f0\i0 . While not every single message has an emoji, the author uses a wide 
\f1\b emoji lexicon
\f0\b0  liberally to convey nuance (
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56834 
\f0 , 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56860 
\f0 , 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56866 
\f0 , 
\f3 \uc0\u55358 \u56611 
\f0 , 
\f3 \uc0\u55358 \u56599 
\f0 , etc.). The variety and aptness of his emoji use (he chooses relevant ones, not random) show a 
\f1\b socially intuitive communicator
\f0\b0 . This feature increased over time as emoji became more common, so any later text of his devoid of emoji might be suspect. We have high confidence that in informal contexts, he 
\f2\i will
\f0\i0  use emoji to enhance meaning or tone.\
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Profanity and Crass Vocabulary
\f0\b0  \'96 
\f2\i Confidence: Very High
\f0\i0 . The author\'92s comfort with words like \'93fuck,\'94 \'93shit,\'94 \'93bitch,\'94 etc., is a hallmark. We can be nearly certain that if a text has no filter on swearing (even in affection: \'93love you, asshole\'94 kind of teasing), it aligns with his style. This implies a personality that is 
\f1\b straightforward, possibly high in Openness (to experience) and low in Agreeableness
\f0\b0  when it comes to politeness (he doesn\'92t mind offending sensibilities in private). However, since he uses these words endearingly too, it also shows 
\f1\b low Neuroticism around social judgment
\f0\b0  \'96 he isn\'92t anxious about offending close others with casual profanity.\
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Rapid-Fire Message Delivery
\f0\b0  \'96 
\f2\i Confidence: High
\f0\i0 . The pattern of splitting sentences into multiple texts is distinctive. It reflects an 
\f1\b impatient, energetic communication style
\f0\b0 . He thinks while typing and hits send without waiting to formulate perfectly. If we see an unbroken block of text vs. many sequential bubbles from a sender, the latter is likely him. This suggests he might be high in 
\f1\b Extraversion
\f0\b0  (fast-paced, high energy) and possibly somewhat 
\f1\b lower in Conscientiousness
\f0\b0  (less concerned with orderly presentation, more with immediate expression).\
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Affectionate Teasing and Terms
\f0\b0  \'96 
\f2\i Confidence: High
\f0\i0 . He has unique ways of showing affection through mock insults and silly names (\'93ratchet ass bitch,\'94 \'93hoe,\'94 \'93loser\'94 used positively). Not everyone does this; it\'92s a specific friendly banter style. It indicates a 
\f1\b high Agreeableness in terms of warmth
\f0\b0  \'96 paradoxically, using insults to express closeness is a sign he trusts the relationship enough to assume they know his intent is loving. If a text persona is always formal or never jokes at the other\'92s expense lovingly, it\'92s likely not him.\
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Emotional Volatility in Text
\f0\b0  \'96 
\f2\i Confidence: Medium-High
\f0\i0 . His texts show him swinging from ecstatic (\'93I love you so much!!!\'94) to panicked (\'93why aren\'92t you telling me ANYTHING?!\'94) to remorseful (\'93i should have listened to you\'94) sometimes within the same day. This points to 
\f1\b high Neuroticism
\f0\b0  (emotional reactivity). He often needs reassurance and gives a lot of reassurance. The consistency of emotional surges (especially in romantic contexts) is strong. We rate confidence slightly lower only because in stable periods he\'92s more even-keeled; but generally, intense emotional expression is a reliable feature \'96 few of his long conversations are flat or purely stoic.\
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Adaptive Formality (when required)
\f0\b0  \'96 
\f2\i Confidence: Medium
\f0\i0 . We have a few clear instances where he breaks into formal language, but these are outliers. While they show he 
\f2\i can
\f0\i0  do it, 98% of the corpus is informal. Thus, if we encountered a block of very formal, correct text claiming to be him, we\'92d be skeptical unless context said he\'92s addressing a formal audience. Confidence is medium because he does formal writing so rarely that we can\'92t call it a definitive pattern \'96 it\'92s a conscious deviation. It does tell us, however, that he\'92s 
\f1\b capable of conscientious self-presentation
\f0\b0  when absolutely necessary (which implies at least moderate Conscientiousness and a sense of responsibility in important matters).\
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Big Five and Personality Markers (Inference):
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f8 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The language is 
\f1\b Extraverted
\f0\b0 : high use of \'93!\'94 and socio-emotional words, constant engagement and initiative in conversation. Extraversion often correlates with frequent positive emotion words and informal tone, which we see (he\'92s always expressing love or excitement).\
\ls8\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f8 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 It\'92s 
\f1\b Agreeable
\f0\b0  in the sense of relationship-focused (uses \'93love,\'94 concern for others\'92 feelings), but also 
\f1\b Disagreeable
\f0\b0  in terms of bluntness and profanity. This could indicate he\'92s high in warmth but low in politeness \'96 a friendly but unreserved person.\
\ls8\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f8 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The style shows 
\f1\b Openness
\f0\b0 : he plays with language, references music and abstract ideas, uses creative metaphors (like whimsical hashtags, role-playing scenarios). High Openness also shows in willingness to discuss feelings and philosophical thoughts (like how they frame their love story humorously as something to sell \'96 that\'92s imaginative).\
\ls8\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f8 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Likely 
\f1\b Lower Conscientiousness
\f0\b0  in daily life: text evidence of procrastination or disorganization pops up (\'93I\'92ll clean I promise lol,\'94 chaotic scheduling). But when it matters, he can focus (writing that formal letter, organizing a move), so perhaps moderate. The casual nature and frequent typos imply he\'92s not detail-oriented in communication.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl1
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f9 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 High Neuroticism
\f0\b0  (Emotional volatility): as noted, intense displays of anxiety, jealousy, mood swings in text are frequent. Also the need for constant contact and reassurance in love points to some anxious attachment (a facet of neuroticism). But he also copes with humor, which is a 
\f2\i regulating strategy
\f0\i0  \'96 suggests emotional resilience too.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 These personality inferences align well with how he writes: He comes across as an 
\f1\b extremely expressive, quick-witted, and emotionally open individual
\f0\b0 , someone who might be the life of the party (extraverted), deeply values his relationships (agreeable in warmth), but is also easily stressed by those relationships (neurotic) and not always self-censoring (lower conscientiousness in impulsivity, lower agreeableness in directness). His cognitive style, judging from texts, is 
\f1\b intuitive and people-focused
\f0\b0  \'96 he talks about feelings, relationships, experiences, rather than technical details or abstract logic. He often jumps between topics (pointing to a nonlinear, creative thought process \'96 again high Openness).\
He\'92s also 
\f1\b emotionally intelligent in a social sense
\f0\b0  (uses tone markers, can apologize, knows when to say \'93just so you know\'94 or give space), but perhaps less so in a self-regulatory sense (he 
\f2\i feels
\f0\i0  intensely and sometimes lets emotions drive the text before thinking). The way he regulates is via humor and constant communication, which is effective for him most of the time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 Replication Rulebook (How to \'93Write Like This Author\'94)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 To emulate this author\'92s unmistakable style, one should follow these guidelines:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Keep it Casual and Candid:
\f0\b0  Write as if speaking to a close friend \'96 use 
\f2\i contractions, slang,
\f0\i0  and even an occasional typo. Don\'92t backtrack to correct every small error (a quick \'93*word\'94 correction in the next message is fine if needed). Maintain a 
\f2\i one-on-one friendly tone
\f0\i0  at all times.\
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Infuse Humor Constantly:
\f0\b0  Insert \'93lol\'94, \'93haha\'94, or a laughing emoji in messages regularly, especially after witty or self-deprecating remarks. Use 
\f1\b playful sarcasm
\f0\b0  and inside jokes \'96 for example, exaggerate a flaw and then say \'93#sorry not sorry\'94 or something cheeky. Tease the other person with faux-insults (but nothing truly hurtful \'96 it should read as affectionate). Basically, 
\f2\i never be too serious for long
\f0\i0 ; even heartfelt declarations might end with a \'93
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56834 
\f0 \'94 or \'93
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56860 
\f0 \'94 to keep things light.\
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Be Emotionally Open:
\f0\b0  Wear your heart on your sleeve in text. If you miss someone, say 
\f1\b \'93I miss you sooo much\'94
\f0\b0  with extra o\'92s. If you\'92re upset or anxious, 
\f2\i express it
\f0\i0  (maybe 
\f2\i over
\f0\i0 -express it). Don\'92t be shy to drop an all-caps 
\f1\b \'93I LOVE YOU\'94
\f0\b0  or a 
\f1\b \'93Why are you doing this to me? I\'92m literally shaking\'94
\f0\b0  style message in a crisis. The key is raw honesty \'96 whether it\'92s love, frustration, or excitement, 
\f2\i let the intensity show
\f0\i0 .\
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use Vivid, Nonstandard Emphasis:
\f0\b0  Utilize elongation of letters (\'93helloooo\'94 instead of \'93hello\'94), repeated punctuation (\'93???\'94 or \'93!!!\'94), and occasional all-caps to convey tone. For instance, 
\f2\i \'93Noooooooo don\'92t go!\'94
\f0\i0  or 
\f2\i \'93This is AMAZING!!!!\'94
\f0\i0  should replace bland statements. When excited or jokingly indignant, double down with both multiple exclamations and maybe an emoji.\
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Embrace Profanity (in Context):
\f0\b0  Don\'92t filter four-letter words in private chats. If something is impressive, it can be 
\f2\i \'93fucking awesome.\'94
\f0\i0  If you\'92re teasing a friend, 
\f2\i \'93get over here, asshole 
\f3\i0 \uc0\u55357 \u56856 
\f2\i \'94
\f0\i0  fits right in (the emoji signaling it\'92s affectionate). Use \'93shit\'94 freely as noun or emphasis (\'93this shit is crazy\'94). The language should feel unedited among friends \'96 
\f2\i bold and unbothered
\f0\i0 .\
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Rapid-Fire Messaging:
\f0\b0  Instead of one monolithic paragraph, hit send multiple times as thoughts come. For example, rather than 
\f2\i \'93I\'92m heading out now, I\'92ll see you in 10 minutes, I can\'92t wait!\'94
\f0\i0 , send: 
\f2\i \'93I\'92m heading out now.\'94
\f0\i0  (send) 
\f2\i \'93Be there in 10.\'94
\f0\i0  (send) 
\f2\i \'93Can\'92t wait to see you!!!\'94
\f0\i0  (send). The messages should come in a flurry when you\'92re engaged or emotional. Also, don\'92t be afraid to follow up if no response \'96 a gentle 
\f2\i \'93??\'94
\f0\i0  or a humorous 
\f2\i \'93I see how it is 
\f3\i0 \uc0\u55357 \u56860 
\f2\i \'94
\f0\i0  nudges like he often does.\
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lots of Emoji and Reactions:
\f0\b0  Pepper your texts with appropriate emoji. Going for a teasing tone? Add a 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56841 
\f0  or 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56859 
\f0 . Laughing? Use 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56834 
\f0  liberally. Feeling love? Throw in a 
\f3 \uc0\u10084 \u65039 
\f0  or 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56856 
\f0 . Sad or faux-pouting? 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56866 
\f0  or 
\f3 \uc0\u55358 \u56698 
\f0 . The emoji should amplify the words or even stand in for them. For instance, instead of saying \'93I\'92m joking,\'94 just put a 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56838 
\f0 . Additionally, react to their messages with laughter or heart reactions if the platform allows \'96 he often acknowledges jokes or sweet messages enthusiastically.\
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Maintain a Narrative Thread:
\f0\b0  Reference earlier jokes or statements to create continuity. If you called them a funny nickname yesterday, call them by it again today. If last week you two joked \'93we\'92re soulmates in crime,\'94 later on say 
\f2\i \'93there goes my partner in crime 
\f3\i0 \uc0\u55357 \u56840 
\f2\i \'94
\f0\i0 . This gives the chat a sense of shared history and inside humor, which is a big part of his style.\
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Show Affection through Language Play:
\f0\b0  He doesn\'92t just say \'93I love you,\'94 he says 
\f2\i \'93I luuuuv you\'94
\f0\i0  or 
\f2\i \'93love you to Pluto and back\'94
\f0\i0 . So be inventive: use hyperbole (
\f2\i \'93million billion times\'94
\f0\i0 ), creative metaphors, or even mock-grandiose language to express care. And don\'92t hesitate to baby talk a bit \'96 
\f2\i \'93miss ur face, b\'94
\f0\i0  or 
\f2\i \'93you make me so happies\'94
\f0\i0  \'97 cutesy twists like that match his vibe.\
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Be Responsive and Engaged:
\f0\b0  In his style, you respond to what the other says with interest \'96 either with empathy, a joke, or a solution. If your friend vents, you reply with a mix of understanding and humor or dramatic support (
\f1\b \'93Those people are THE WORST, ugh I\'92m so mad at them for you 
\f3\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56868 \u10084 \u65039 
\f1\b \'94
\f0\b0  \'96 simultaneously validating and lightening). There\'92s a sense of 
\f2\i always being \'93present\'94 in the conversation
\f0\i0 . Long silences are rare and usually explained or apologized for.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 By following these rules, one would craft messages that read very much like this author\'92s \'96 lively, unfiltered, loving, and often laugh-out-loud funny. Any deviation (like being overly formal, using minimal punctuation, or avoiding emotional expressions) would break character. Essentially, 
\f2\i think of texting as hanging out with your best friend
\f0\i0 : relaxed language, lots of jokes, lots of feelings, and no pretenses. That is the crux of this author\'92s communicative fingerprint.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 Conclusion\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 In analyzing this corpus, we have uncovered a 
\f2\i rich stylometric fingerprint
\f0\i0 : one defined by maximal emotional expressiveness, creative informality, and a strong adaptive social sense. Every major claim about the style \'96 from the love of slang and profanity, to the prolific use of laughter, to the tendency to send multiple rapid texts \'96 is supported by the patterns observed. The consistency of these patterns over time reinforces their validity as identifying features.\
From these linguistic habits, we infer a personality that is 
\f1\b charismatic, emotionally transparent, and connection-oriented
\f0\b0 . The author\'92s Big Five profile likely skews toward high Extraversion (enthusiastic, talkative), high Openness (playful, inventive with language), moderate Agreeableness (very caring and kind, though occasionally blunt), moderate Conscientiousness (responsible in big things but informally disorganized/impulsive in communication), and high Neuroticism (prone to anxiety and dramatic mood expression, though mitigated by humor). We also see markers of a 
\f1\b secure but expressive attachment style
\f0\b0  \'96 he constantly affirms affection and seeks it, indicating deep investment in relationships. His cognitive style is 
\f1\b intuitive and emotive
\f0\b0 : he communicates in stories, feelings, and jokes rather than facts or formal logic, suggesting an interpersonal intelligence and creativity.\
Throughout 2023\'962025, there is evidence of 
\f1\b linguistic drift
\f0\b0  that aligns with personal growth. The core style doesn\'92t fundamentally change \'96 he remains the same person in voice \'96 but we observe refinement: slightly less spammy gushing and slightly more reflective discourse when needed. The adoption of newer slang like \'93lmao\'94 and comfortable use of message editing shows he\'92s keeping current with the evolving digital lexicon. Meanwhile, the enduring elements (like his unique blend of profanity and affection, e.g. 
\f2\i \'93You\'92re wild, YOU\'92RE A HOOT, BOB\'94
\f0\i0 ) provide a continuous thread of personality through the years.\
In essence, the stylometric analysis paints the picture of an individual whose writing is an extension of a vibrant personality \'96 one that prioritizes genuine emotion, closeness, and humor above all else. Any attempt to imitate or analyze this style must account for its 
\f1\b multi-dimensional expressiveness
\f0\b0 : the same text can make someone laugh, feel loved, and feel the author\'92s stress all at once. This is a testament to how effectively the author leverages the medium of texting to convey 
\f2\i the full palette of human interaction
\f0\i0 .\
By examining these features in depth and citing them directly, we affirm that the analysis is grounded in the text itself and not speculation. The consistency of the cited examples across time and context strengthens our confidence in these conclusions. The result is a comprehensive stylometric profile that not only characterizes how the author writes, but also illuminates 
\f2\i why
\f0\i0  \'96 reflecting underlying personality traits and communication goals.\
Anyone reading these messages would likely come away feeling they 
\f2\i know
\f0\i0  the author\'92s voice intimately: funny, heartfelt, a bit chaotic, but overwhelmingly 
\f1\b authentic
\f0\b0 . The analysis here, backed by direct evidence, validates that intuition with concrete linguistic patterns. This is a person whose texts exude life and personality \'96 a digital fingerprint that is exceptionally distinct and remarkably 
\f1\b them
\f0\b0 , across years and through all the highs and lows life threw into those messages.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Sources Cited:
\f0\b0  The analysis above is supported by representative excerpts from the corpus, indicated by source numbers for verification. For example, the use of elongated \'93sooooo\'94 is evidenced in source , laughter \'93haha\'94 variants in , affectionate profanity in , rapid multi-part texting in , and a formal register instance in , among others. Each feature and inference has been linked to such concrete examples to ensure the conclusions are traceable to the actual writing. This grounded approach fortifies the credibility of the stylometric and psycholinguistic insights drawn.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Excellent. I will begin an advanced second-phase stylometric analysis using the newly uploaded message logs. This round will deepen the existing profile by focusing specifically on stylistic evolution through dynamic relationships \'97 clarifying how the author's mechanical style adapts across romantic, platonic, and emotionally complex interpersonal contexts.\
This will take time to ensure every nuance is fully captured with layered observations, precise linguistic citations, and refined correlation to the author's communication fingerprint. I\'92ll let you know as soon as it\'92s ready for review.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf0 Phase 2 Stylometric Analysis: Contextual Adaptation of Writing Style\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 Romantic vs. Platonic Interaction Styles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Vocabulary & Terms of Address:
\f0\b0  The author\'92s language shifts noticeably between romantic and platonic conversations. In romantic texts with his partner (Annie), he employs endearments and affectionate slang like \'93sweetie,\'94 \'93bb/bby\'94 (baby), and playful pet names. For instance, he replies to a loving message with 
\f2\i \'93i love you too sweetie\'94
\f0\i0 , using a term of endearment he never uses with friends. In contrast, with friends he opts for casual buddy language\'97often calling them \'93dude\'94 or using colloquial interjections. In one friendly exchange he writes, 
\f2\i \'93my bad dude i forgot all about u\'94
\f0\i0 , apologizing informally. He also greets and summons friends with 
\f2\i \'93yo\'94
\f0\i0  or 
\f2\i \'93hey dude\'94
\f0\i0  in ways he wouldn\'92t with a romantic partner. This shows a clear adaptation: romantic messages include intimate nicknames and pronounced warmth, whereas platonic messages favor relaxed slang and peer-to-peer address.\

\f1\b Affection vs. Banter:
\f0\b0  In romantic interactions, the author\'92s tone is markedly affectionate and emotionally expressive. He frequently expresses love and longing, e.g. 
\f2\i \'93I love you so much and I want you to know\'85 nobody in my family could imagine you not going [with us]\'94
\f0\i0 . Even casual notes carry tenderness, as when he texts 
\f2\i \'93I miss you so much\'94
\f0\i0  on the same night. By contrast, platonic chats (with friends or family) lean on humor, updates, and light insults as bonding. For example, joking with a male friend, he uses exaggerated slang: 
\f2\i \'93you\'92ll have plenty of spank bank tendies\'94
\f0\i0  (a crass humorous remark) while helping investigate something. He teases friends in ways he wouldn\'92t his partner \'96 one friend exclaims 
\f2\i \'93LOL you DAWG\'94
\f0\i0  in response to his antics, highlighting how their banter includes rowdy, frat-boy slang. With romantic partners he 
\f1\b never
\f0\b0  uses such terms; instead of \'93dawg\'94 or \'93bro,\'94 he prefers 
\f2\i \'93love bug\'94
\f0\i0  or simply the partner\'92s name with endearment. Even mild profanity that appears in loving context is playful, not insulting \'96 e.g. calling his girlfriend\'92s cat 
\f2\i \'93Gabe would eat her for breakfast and then snuggle\'94
\f0\i0  followed by 
\f2\i \'93You're done for\'85 it will be a fun kidnapping\'94
\f0\i0  in a joking fantasy. With friends, profanity is more casual and often self-deprecating or sarcastic rather than loving. The lexical choice thus shifts from romantic affection (affectionate pronouns, pet names, \'93I love you\'94) to platonic camaraderie (slang, \'93lol,\'94 and mock-insults), aligning with the relationship type.\

\f1\b Emotion Words and Topics:
\f0\b0  Romantic texts revolve around personal feelings, future plans together, and mutual care. He openly discusses emotions \'96 
\f2\i \'93I want you to be happy and proud of me\'85 I\'92m sorry if I\'92ve done a bad job of that recently\'94
\f0\i0  he writes in a vulnerable moment. In platonic contexts, especially with male friends, deep emotional vocabulary is rarer; conversations skew to external topics (music, drugs, plans) or shared humor. For example, he engages in philosophical debate with a friend about cynicism and privilege, using intellectual and vulgar terms rather than emotional pleas: 
\f2\i \'93So fuck all about being high and cynical\'85if you\'92re following the only true god...instinct\'94
\f0\i0 . Even when he does talk about personal struggles with friends, he remains somewhat detached or jokey (calling himself 
\f2\i \'93scum\'94
\f0\i0  and life 
\f2\i \'93a parody\'94
\f0\i0 ). In sum, the author\'92s 
\f1\b lexical choices adapt
\f0\b0  to audience: emotive and loving for a partner, versus irreverent or matter-of-fact for friends.\

\f1\b Pronoun & Form Changes:
\f0\b0  Notably, he shifts the shorthand for \'93you\'94 depending on context (and over time). In intimate messages, especially early on, he occasionally uses the ultra-casual 
\f2\i \'93u\'94
\f0\i0  (e.g. 
\f2\i \'93I notice things u say. Everything you say! Don\'92t ever change\'94
\f0\i0  from 2015) when excited, but more often spells it out fully in heartfelt statements (
\f2\i \'93I love you so so much\'94
\f0\i0 ). With friends, the shorthand \'93u\'94 remains common in quick inquiries or directives (
\f2\i \'93U around?\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93Should we go to sheetz or come to u\'94
\f0\i0 ), reflecting a faster, transactional tone. Over the years, as his texting matured, \'93u\'94 appears less with his partner (by 2023 nearly all 
\f1\b \'93you\'94
\f0\b0  in serious contexts) while it still pops up in casual friend exchanges. Similarly, the capital \'93I\'94 is often downcased to \'93i\'94 in both contexts to convey informality, but he\'92s somewhat more likely to capitalize \'93I\'94 in serious or apologetic messages to his girlfriend (perhaps to add gravity). This subtle morphosyntactic adaptation \'96 toggling between textese and standard forms \'96 shows him calibrating the 
\f1\b register
\f0\b0  based on the relationship and the message\'92s weight.\

\f1\b Conversation Cadence:
\f0\b0  In romantic chats, the cadence is rapid and continuous throughout the day, with many back-and-forth bursts especially during emotional discussions. He\'92ll send multiple short messages in a row to his partner, mimicking a spoken stream (\'93I love you\'85\'94, followed seconds later by \'93I miss u\'94, and then a practical note). With platonic friends, the exchanges are often more sporadic and context-driven (setting up plans, sharing a joke/meme). He might have intense bursty exchanges with close friends (especially if they\'92re collaborating on something fun, as on 2020-03-23 when he and a friend excitedly trade rapid messages about investigating a camgirl, with each sending many one-liners and media in succession). But generally, continuous daylong dialogue is reserved for his romantic partner. Friends get pings as needed \'96 
\f2\i \'93U around\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93Need a b\'94
\f0\i0  (probably a \'93bowl\'94 of something) \'96 and the conversations often have a specific purpose or end after a few exchanges. This difference in cadence underscores that with romantic partners the 
\f2\i default
\f0\i0  is constant contact and emotional temperature-taking, whereas with friends it\'92s more event-driven and concise.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Secure vs. Volatile Emotional Moments\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Calm vs. Agitated Tone:
\f0\b0  When the relationship atmosphere is secure or emotions are neutral, the author\'92s style is relaxed and cooperative. In calm moments he often uses polite or loving language, even when making requests \'96 for example, a routine coordination text to his partner: 
\f2\i \'93I love you, have fun. Try to relax\'94
\f0\i0  shows supportive brevity with a caring undertone, punctuated by an affectionate assurance. His sentences in secure times are straightforward and often end with no period or a gentle emoji, indicating an easygoing flow. However, in 
\f2\i volatile emotional moments
\f0\i0  \'96 times of conflict, anxiety, or urgency \'96 his tone and mechanics shift dramatically. He becomes more abrupt, and the messages reflect stress through punctuation and brevity. For instance, during a tense exchange he starts a message with 
\f2\i \'93Please stop!\'94
\f0\i0  and follows with, 
\f2\i \'93I don\'92t need you to remind me to worry about shit\'85not in front of her\'94
\f0\i0 , using an exclamation and sharp wording that conveys frustration. The contrast is stark: the calm \'93try to relax\'94 versus the agitated \'93Please stop!\'94 illustrates how his diction hardens under duress.\

\f1\b Punctuation as Emotional Gauge:
\f0\b0  The author 
\f1\b stacks punctuation
\f0\b0  and uses unconventional formatting far more in volatile moments. When confused, upset, or demanding answers, he piles question marks or exclamation points, which is rare in secure exchanges. In one argument with his girlfriend, he leads a message with 
\f2\i \'93???\'94
\f0\i0  to convey bewilderment and urgency: 
\f2\i \'93??? you had told me that you would be able to come pick me up\'94
\f0\i0 . This triple-\'93?\'94 is a clear marker of his urgent need for explanation. In normal circumstances, he would pose a question with a single \'93?\'94 or often just implicit tone, but here the 
\f1\b multiple question marks
\f0\b0  signal emotional volatility. Similarly, exclamation points multiply when he\'92s shouting or passionate. A playful example is 
\f2\i \'93No!!!!! Gabeyyyyy\'94
\f0\i0  (five exclamation marks) when excitedly talking about a cat \'96 though playful, it shows heightened emotion. In conflict, exclamations also appear but with anger: e.g. 
\f2\i \'93Leave now\'94
\f0\i0  he snaps during a minor spat, or 
\f2\i \'93Nice attitude.\'94
\f0\i0  (sarcastic tone) in another fight, which, while a declarative statement, follows an exclamatory emotional context. Ellipses and abrupt line breaks emerge in volatile moments as well \'96 he sometimes sends an incomplete thought or uses \'93\'85\'94 to indicate a pause or choked feeling. For instance, mid-argument he might send a one-liner like \'93What?\'94 or trail off (\'93I\'92m not sure how you get to say that when I\'85\'94) before hitting send, reflecting a halting, upset cadence. 
\f1\b In contrast, during secure moments
\f0\b0  his messages don\'92t rely on such heavy punctuation for tone; a content line might simply end without a period or with a single emoji. The emotional punctuation (!!!, ???, ?!) is thus a reliable tell for his heightened emotional state.\

\f1\b Sentence Structure & Length:
\f0\b0  Volatility also affects his syntax. In secure or happy exchanges, he often writes in fragments or short sentences 
\f2\i out of habit
\f0\i0 , but these fragments flow logically and can even be combined in one message. For example, on an ordinary day he might write a multi-clause text about plans in one go. However, under stress he breaks his thoughts into multiple rapid-fire messages and sometimes 
\f1\b omits subjects or verbs
\f0\b0 , reflecting rushed speech. In one fight, he sends a series of fragmented messages within seconds: 
\f2\i \'93I\'92m not mad at you but I\'92m srs that your vibe is\'85full of anxiety\'94
\f0\i0 , followed immediately by 
\f2\i \'93Nice attitude. I\'92m just telling you I don\'92t need oversight right now\'94
\f0\i0 . These could grammatically be one combined statement, but he splits them, each hitting a tone \'96 one apologetic, one annoyed. The 
\f1\b cadence quickens and statements shorten
\f0\b0  when he\'92s volatile: e.g. 
\f2\i \'93I\'92m not!\'94
\f0\i0  he interjects defensively in response to a charge. By contrast, in secure moments he\'92s capable of longer, more composed sentences (especially when reflecting or storytelling to his partner), stringing clauses with \'93and\'94 or \'93but.\'94 The volatility induces a staccato style \'96 one thought per message \'96 as if each text is a heated breath.\

\f1\b Vocabulary and Cursing:
\f0\b0  Emotional security vs. volatility also shows in word choice. In secure mode, he uses profanity mostly in jest or emphasis (e.g., calling something 
\f2\i \'93so fucking easy\'94
\f0\i0  when excitedly confident, or tossing a casual 
\f2\i \'93lol that\'92s the fucking worst\'94
\f0\i0  in dark humor with family). These are intensifiers but not directed 
\f2\i at
\f0\i0  someone. In volatile moments, profanity can turn pointed or reflect genuine anger. For instance, in a conflict he tells his girlfriend 
\f2\i \'93your vibe is fucking so full of anxiety\'94
\f0\i0  \'96 here 
\f2\i \'93fucking\'94
\f0\i0  is a negative intensifier aimed at her demeanor, something he\'92d avoid when calm. During fights he might also use harsh phrases like 
\f2\i \'93How FUCKING TERRIBLE you are making me look\'94
\f0\i0  (an example from the Phase 1 report) to express feeling wronged. Outside of conflict, that level of direct profanity toward the other person is absent \'96 he\'92s affectionate or at worst teasing. We also see that in volatility he sometimes lapses into all-caps for shouted words (e.g. \'93NOT\'94 or \'93NEED\'94 for emphasis in arguments). In secure times, all-caps are used playfully (like 
\f2\i \'93DRIVE SAFE\'94
\f0\i0  as a loving command) or not at all. The 
\f1\b emotional temperature
\f0\b0  clearly governs his register: a calm heart yields gentle or joking words; a riled mind yields sharpened language and structure.\

\f1\b Emotional Reassurance Patterns:
\f0\b0  Interestingly, after volatile spikes, his style often shifts into a 
\f2\i remorseful or reassuring mode
\f0\i0 , which is another aspect of adaptation. Once a fight cools, he floods his partner with apologies and comforting words in a very 
\f1\b formulaic, earnest
\f0\b0  style. He\'92ll repeat phrases like 
\f2\i \'93I\'92m sorry\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93I love you\'94
\f0\i0 , and 
\f2\i \'93I promise\'94
\f0\i0  multiple times, sometimes in succession. For example, after a tense night he writes, 
\f2\i \'93I love you so much, I want you to be happy\'85 I\'92m sorry if I\'92ve done a bad job of that recently\'94
\f0\i0 , followed by assurances of her uniqueness: 
\f2\i \'93You\'92re the only one\'85\'94
\f0\i0  (text cut off but clearly praising her) right after. The language here is soft, full of 
\f1\b first-person responsibility
\f0\b0  (\'93I\'92m sorry, I want you to be proud\'94) and second-person focus (\'93you be happy, you\'92re the only one\'85\'94). These reassurance messages often forego slang and are written with proper capitalization and spelling \'96 a notable switch into a more formal tone, likely to underscore sincerity. This pattern doesn\'92t occur in platonic volatile moments (with friends, arguments are extremely rare or brief), but it\'92s a cycle in his romantic communication: volatility triggers clipped, intense messages, which then give way to verbose apologies and affirmations once he regains a secure footing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Playful vs. Serious Conversations\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Humor Markers in Playful Chats:
\f0\b0  In playful conversations, the author\'92s 
\f1\b paralinguistic markers
\f0\b0  (emojis, elongated letters, onomatopoeia) and jokes abound. He leans into a goofy, sarcastic voice. For instance, when joking around with his girlfriend in a sexual-toned banter, he deliberately misspells and exaggerates: 
\f2\i \'93i already offered you me dick and you didn\'92t want it! \'85 har har har\'94
\f0\i0 . Here 
\f2\i \'93me dick\'94
\f0\i0  mimics a silly accent, and 
\f2\i \'93har har har\'94
\f0\i0  explicitly transcribes laughter, showing he\'92s in a comedic mood. In another instance, after a tongue-in-cheek evil plan, he texts 
\f2\i \'93Muhahaha 
\f3\i0 \uc0\u55357 \u56840 
\f2\i \'94
\f0\i0  \'96 literally writing a villainous laugh and adding a devil emoji. This dramatic flair is a hallmark of his playful texts. He often uses 
\f1\b emojis liberally
\f0\b0  when joking: a 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56840 
\f0  devil for cheeky trouble, 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56861 
\f0  tongue-out for teasing, 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56328 
\f0  cat emoji for cute context, etc. In one 2015 flirtation he peppered his messages with a cat emoji (
\f2\i \'93
\f3\i0 \uc0\u55357 \u56328 
\f2\i  Meww\'94
\f0\i0 ) to role-play as her cat and make her laugh. He also uses 
\f1\b internet slang and memes
\f0\b0  more in playful contexts: e.g., throwing in 
\f2\i \'93#whatislife\'94
\f0\i0  as a hashtag joke, or saying 
\f2\i \'93LOL\'94
\f0\i0  and 
\f2\i \'93haha\'94
\f0\i0  frequently. Notably, in purely text form he\'92ll use all-caps 
\f2\i \'93LOL\'94
\f0\i0  with friends to denote big laughter (one friend writes to him 
\f2\i \'93LOL you DAWG\'94
\f0\i0  and he responds in kind), whereas with his girlfriend he might actually laugh out loud in person or just use 
\f2\i \'93Hahaha\'94
\f0\i0  in text. The playful mode often involves 
\f1\b role-playing and hyperbole
\f0\b0  \'96 he conjures mini scenarios (kidnapping metaphors, parodying serious situations) and uses exaggeration for effect. All these markers \'96 elongated vowels ( 
\f2\i \'93soooo\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93Noooooo\'94
\f0\i0 ), repetitive letters (
\f2\i \'93dats so cooool\'94
\f0\i0  style), expressive spelling ( 
\f2\i \'93yaaaas\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93OMG\'94
\f0\i0 ) \'96 appear when he\'92s being lighthearted and want to ensure his tone is read as joking. They rarely appear in serious discussions.\

\f1\b Clarity and Directness in Serious Discussions:
\f0\b0  When the conversation turns serious (whether the subject is logistical, emotional, or informational), the author\'92s style trims down the play. He drops most of the emojis and quirky spellings, opting for clearer sentence structure. In a serious planning talk or problem-solving mode, his messages read more plain and procedural. For example, coordinating care for a family member, he writes: 
\f2\i \'93We just stay in one room so we\'92re not using as much energy\'85 Also we never ever leave it on if we aren\'92t in the room\'94
\f0\i0 . These sentences are straightforward, with no \'93lol\'94 or exaggeration \'96 he\'92s conveying factual info to assuage concern (in this case, explaining heater use to (presumably) his mom). Even with his girlfriend, when discussing something like finances or health seriously, he uses a measured tone: 
\f2\i \'93It\'92s fine, I just need you to drive safely\'85 Even if you need to pull over\'94
\f0\i0 . Here he uses polite urgency (\'93please\'85 safely\'94) but not humor; the focus is clarity and emphasis on the important point. In serious mood, he also tends to use punctuation 
\f2\i conventionally
\f0\i0  \'96 a single exclamation or period if needed, rather than the flamboyant strings. An example is him confirming plans: 
\f2\i \'93Yes.\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93I\'92ll be there in a minute.\'94
\f0\i0  \'96 short, proper sentences when seriousness demands brevity and certainty.\

\f1\b Switching Codes \'96 Examples:
\f0\b0  The same conversation can showcase this switch. On New Year\'92s 2018, texting a friend and his girlfriend, he moves from playful to serious and back. With his friend, he jokes about being 
\f2\i \'93the 1% hippie\'85 is that a yuppie? Lol\'94
\f0\i0 , even as they discuss capitalism \'96 injecting humor (\'93Lol\'94, self-mockery) in an otherwise semi-serious chat. But minutes later, he\'92s texting his girlfriend who is upset about working, and his tone is entirely serious and comforting: 
\f2\i \'93I just don\'92t really have\'85 I\'92m srs. Extra careful. Promise me\'85 I\'92m srs\'94
\f0\i0  \'96 no laughter there, just earnest concern. This ability to 
\f1\b code-switch
\f0\b0  is striking: he can be bantering with a friend in one thread and using sincere, compassionate language with his partner in the next minute, tailoring his style instantly to the conversation\'92s seriousness.\

\f1\b Use of Slang and References:
\f0\b0  In playful mode, he loves slangy expressions (
\f2\i \'93fookin\'92\'94
\f0\i0  instead of 
\f2\i \'93fucking\'94
\f0\i0  to be funny, or 
\f2\i \'93gonna/hit u up\'94
\f0\i0  for an informal vibe). He references pop culture or niche jokes more readily. For instance, he casually mentions 
\f2\i \'93Mitch Hedberg\'94
\f0\i0  and 
\f2\i \'93Jimi Hendrix\'94
\f0\i0  in a philosophical jest about fame \'96 this isn\'92t exactly 
\f2\i slang
\f0\i0 , but it\'92s a kind of cultural humor insertion to make a point wryly. In serious exchanges, he drops these and speaks in a more universal, literal way. You don\'92t see him texting his mother or boss-like figure with \'93Lol\'94 or \'93yuppie\'94; instead it\'92s 
\f2\i \'93I\'92ll call you back in 10\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93I need to know if\'85\'94
\f0\i0 , etc., often written in full words. The 
\f1\b contrast in register
\f0\b0  is clear: playful style invites creativity and linguistic looseness, whereas serious style invokes a controlled, efficient use of language.\

\f1\b Emphasis and Formatting:
\f0\b0  Another difference is how he conveys emphasis. In fun times, he\'92ll use goofy emphasis like 
\f2\i \'93SOOOOOO MUCH\'94
\f0\i0  in all-caps or repeated letters, as his girlfriend did when excited (
\f2\i \'93I love you SOOOOOO MUCH\'94
\f0\i0 ). He mirrors this energy with things like 
\f2\i \'93Sooooo I can sees my girlfriend ASAP 
\f3\i0 \uc0\u55357 \u56852 
\f2\i \'94
\f0\i0  \'96 mixing exaggeration with a cute emoji to show it\'92s half-joking, half-sincere. In serious mode, if he needs emphasis, he tends to either underscore it with actual seriousness (e.g. 
\f2\i \'93I\'92m 
\f5\b saying
\f2\b0  I will do it\'94
\f0\i0  \'96 where emphasis might be indicated by syntax or a rare italic if possible) or simply by a firm tone: 
\f2\i \'93I need to get there before 6\'94
\f0\i0  (no frills, just a direct statement). Thus, formatting tricks (elongation, ALL CAPS) are largely absent in his serious communications unless they bleed over from an emotional outburst. Typically, a serious request or statement from him will not be 
\f2\i \'93Pleeeease\'94
\f0\i0  with extra letters; it will be 
\f2\i \'93Please, can you\'85\'94
\f0\i0  with proper spelling, as he wants the content, not the presentation, to carry the weight in serious moments.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Supportive vs. Conflict-Based Exchanges\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Supportive Reassurance Style:
\f0\b0  When the author is in a supportive role \'96 comforting someone, offering help, or otherwise being caring \'96 his linguistic fingerprint shows warmth and patience. He frequently uses 
\f1\b second-person focus
\f0\b0  and positive imperatives geared toward easing the other person\'92s distress. For example, when his girlfriend is anxious or upset (not necessarily at him, just in general), he says things like 
\f2\i \'93Try to relax, have fun\'94
\f0\i0  and 
\f2\i \'93Please be careful, I love you\'94
\f0\i0 . The repetition of 
\f2\i \'93you\'94
\f0\i0  and direct addresses (\'93sweetie,\'94 her name) in these contexts signals that he\'92s centering the conversation on the other\'92s needs. In a notably supportive exchange on New Year\'92s, his girlfriend apologized for not being with him and he responds by downplaying his own needs and emphasizing concern for her safety: 
\f2\i \'93Listen I\'92m very worried about you getting... PLEASE go slow and safely. Even if you need to pull over\'94
\f0\i0 . Here he uses polite pleading (
\f2\i \'93please\'94
\f0\i0  with uppercase for urgency) and gives clear, caring instructions. The sentences are complete and nurturing in tone, lacking any sarcasm or anger. He often adds assurances like 
\f2\i \'93it\'92s fine\'94
\f0\i0  or 
\f2\i \'93I just need you to\'85\'94
\f0\i0  which shift focus from blame to care. Another hallmark of his supportive style is 
\f1\b future-oriented optimism and inclusivity
\f0\b0 : phrases like 
\f2\i \'93we\'92re a team,\'94
\f0\i0  
\f2\i \'93we\'92ll get through this,\'94
\f0\i0  or 
\f2\i \'93we are going to have a blast on vacation\'94
\f0\i0  appear, where he incorporates himself and the other in a shared positive outcome. He tends to use contractions and gentle words in these moments (e.g. 
\f2\i \'93it\'92s okay, don\'92t worry\'94
\f0\i0  tone) and 
\f2\i very little
\f0\i0  slang \'96 the goal is a genuine tone. Even with friends, when offering support, he shifts to a more earnest voice. In one message to a friend dealing with a tough situation, he writes, 
\f2\i \'93because it will haunt you and i can\'92t allow you, THE ONE PERSON WHO HAS DONE IT ALL CORRECTLY, to let this [go]\'94
\f0\i0 . Despite the playful caps for dramatic flair, the content is supportive \'96 he\'92s essentially saying 
\f2\i \'93you\'92ve done everything right, you don\'92t deserve this problem\'94
\f0\i0 , a mix of empathetic hype and resolve to help. This indicates his supportive stance often involves 
\f2\i building the other person up
\f0\i0  (praising or stressing their value).\

\f1\b Linguistic Soothing vs. Escalation:
\f0\b0  In conflict-based exchanges (when he\'92s arguing 
\f2\i with
\f0\i0  someone, not just stressed), his language can become confrontational, and the contrast with supportive tone is sharp. In arguments with his girlfriend, he sometimes slips into 
\f1\b second-person accusatory
\f0\b0  statements or defensive posturing. For instance: 
\f2\i \'93Nice attitude. I\'92m just telling you I don\'92t need oversight right now\'94
\f0\i0  \'96 the short, almost cold phrasing (\'93Nice attitude\'94) and first-person justification are indicative of conflict. Rather than focusing on \'93we\'94 or \'93you\'94 in a positive way, he focuses on \'93I\'94 (my feelings, my needs) or flips 
\f2\i \'93you\'94
\f0\i0  around as in 
\f2\i \'93I don\'92t need you to remind me\'85not in front of her\'94
\f0\i0 . That sentence uses 
\f2\i \'93you\'94
\f0\i0  in a reproachful sense, highlighting what the other did wrong, which is a stark departure from the soothing 
\f2\i \'93you\'92ll be okay\'94
\f0\i0  style he uses supportively. Conflict texts also frequently lack the polite qualifiers he uses elsewhere. In a fight he might omit 
\f2\i \'93please\'94
\f0\i0  and just issue a command or a blunt statement. The earlier example 
\f2\i \'93Leave now\'94
\f0\i0  (when upset that she was delaying) has no softening words \'96 it\'92s imperative and bare. The 
\f1\b punctuation and capitalization
\f0\b0  in conflict often serve to escalate: multiple question marks to demand answers, or all-caps to shout specific words (e.g. 
\f2\i \'93Do you not see\'85 
\f5\b FUCKING TERRIBLE
\f2\b0  \'85\'94
\f0\i0  as cited in Phase 1). In supportive mode, if he uses capitals or exclamations, it\'92s to 
\f1\b encourage or emphasize care
\f0\b0 , not to yell. An illustrative contrast: 
\f2\i \'93DRIVE SAFE\'94
\f0\i0  (all caps but supportive, almost like a cheer) versus 
\f2\i \'93I NEED SOMETHING\'94
\f0\i0  in a heated context (all caps born of frustration). The supportive version feels loving despite the caps, whereas the conflict version feels demanding.\

\f1\b Length & Frequency:
\f0\b0  Supportive messages can sometimes be longer and more detailed, as he calmly explains or reassures. He\'92s willing to send a paragraph if needed to cover the issue (e.g., explaining a plan to resolve something or expressing heartfelt support). For example, after a misunderstanding he sends a multi-line apology: 
\f2\i \'93I love you so much, I want you to be happy\'85 I\'92m sorry\'85 I want \'91us\'92 to have the best day tomorrow\'94
\f0\i0 . This extended outpouring in a single message contrasts with the 
\f2\i machine-gun
\f0\i0  style of conflict, where he fires off many short messages. In one fight, within one minute he sent a flurry: 
\f2\i \'93But I\'92m already worrying about how to get us more money\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93And keeping her in a good mood\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93I\'92m not!\'94
\f0\i0  \'96 each in rapid succession. He tends to fragment his thoughts under conflict stress, whereas support mode lets him gather thoughts into a more coherent longer message (or a few messages, but each more complete). The frequency also differs: conflict exchanges often have immediate back-and-forth, sometimes overlapping (both sides sending at once), evident when his girlfriend fires back 
\f2\i \'93You haven't been in the best mood either.\'94
\f0\i0  and he responds 
\f2\i \'93I\'92m not!\'94
\f0\i0  almost instantaneously. In supportive exchanges, the pace can be gentler \'96 he might send a message and wait for them to read and feel it, not demanding instant reply. The 
\f1\b cadence slows
\f0\b0  to a comforting rhythm rather than a spiking volley.\

\f1\b Content Focus:
\f0\b0  Supportive texts focus on 
\f1\b solutions and understanding
\f0\b0 , whereas conflict texts focus on 
\f1\b grievances and points of contention
\f0\b0 . When supporting, he often asks questions like 
\f2\i \'93Are you okay?\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93Anything I can do?\'94
\f0\i0 , or makes offers: 
\f2\i \'93Do you want me to come get you soon?\'94
\f0\i0 . He is proactively 
\f1\b attentive
\f0\b0 . In conflict, questions turn rhetorical or pointed (
\f2\i \'93how is that fair?\'94
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i \'93why would you...??\'94
\f0\i0 ) and offers disappear, replaced by complaints or corrections. For instance, instead of 
\f2\i \'93Anything I can do?\'94,
\f0\i0  he might say 
\f2\i \'93This is not okay\'94
\f0\i0  or 
\f2\i \'93I can\'92t believe you did that\'94
\f0\i0  (phrasing we infer from context like the 
\f2\i \'93??? you had told me...\'94
\f0\i0  example). His supportive content frequently validates the other person ( 
\f2\i \'93I understand\'85 it\'92s scary but I\'92m here\'94
\f0\i0  tone), whereas conflict content often contains 
\f2\i self-justification
\f0\i0  or 
\f2\i blame
\f0\i0 . A subtle example: in an argument he said, 
\f2\i \'93I wouldn\'92t get back with her even if you cheated on me\'94
\f0\i0  \'96 this was meant to reassure his girlfriend about an ex, but phrased in a way that introduces a hypothetical of 
\f1\b her wrongdoing
\f0\b0 , which ironically adds tension. In a purely supportive scenario, he wouldn\'92t frame it that way; he\'92d simply affirm 
\f2\i \'93I don\'92t want anyone else.\'94
\f0\i0  It shows how conflict contexts tinge even reassuring intentions with a harsher edge. When truly in 
\f1\b support mode
\f0\b0 , he leaves out those barbs and speaks in absolutes of care (e.g. 
\f2\i \'93Nothing could make me stop loving you\'94
\f0\i0 , which is the kind of statement that appears in reconciliations).\

\f1\b Emotion Indicators:
\f0\b0  In supportive messages, the only emotion indicators he uses are those of empathy (sad face emojis when matching their sadness, heart emojis or \'93
\f3 \uc0\u55358 \u56698 
\f0 \'94 maybe \'96 though not many heart emojis are explicitly in the logs, he does say 
\f2\i \'93I love you!!!\'94
\f0\i0  often which serves a similar role). In conflict, he shows anger or frustration with symbols \'96 
\f2\i \'93
\f3\i0 \uc0\u55357 \u56849 
\f2\i \'94
\f0\i0  or 
\f2\i \'93
\f3\i0 \uc0\u55358 \u56596 
\f2\i \'94
\f0\i0  from his girlfriend elicit curt responses, and he might react with 
\f2\i \'93...okay\'94
\f0\i0  (the ellipsis showing displeasure). For example, when he wrote 
\f2\i \'93No i fookin climbed\'94
\f0\i0  after she asked if he used a ladder, the very use of the misspelled 
\f2\i \'93fookin\'94
\f0\i0  and no emoji shows a controlled irritation (he\'92s mocking the question a bit). In a calm or supportive scenario, if he swears it\'92s accompanied by humor or camaraderie, often even a \'93lol.\'94 In a conflict scenario, the swearing stands alone or is combined with sharp punctuation, indicating real anger. The presence or absence of laughter is telling: 
\f1\b supportive texts often include words like \'93it\'92s okay\'94 and sometimes nervous laughs to lighten the mood
\f0\b0 , whereas conflict texts are dead serious \'96 any 
\f2\i \'93lol\'94
\f0\i0  present would be sardonic. Indeed, when his girlfriend in anger sent just 
\f2\i \'93????\'94
\f0\i0  to him, there was zero \'93lol\'94 from either side until the issue resolved. Contrast that with earlier that day when all was well \'96 plenty of \'93lol\'94 and jovial tone in their texts.\
In summary, the author\'92s 
\f2\i linguistic fingerprint
\f0\i0  dynamically flexes across interpersonal contexts. He maintains core traits (informality, love of intensifiers, conversational flow) but 
\f1\b modulates them
\f0\b0 : dialing up tenderness or curtness, filtering slang in or out, and altering punctuation and structure to suit the relationship and emotional tenor. This adaptability reveals an acute sense of audience \'96 he unconsciously \'93code-switches\'94 between being a devoted boyfriend, a chill friend, a concerned son, or a combative partner, each with its own stylistic nuances. The consistent thread is that these mechanical choices are deliberate signals: he 
\f1\b self-presents
\f0\b0  as gentle and loving when in caring roles, and as raw and assertive when in conflict. His stylometric signature, therefore, isn\'92t a static set of habits, but a palette of behaviors that he selects from to navigate his social world \'96 showcasing an intuitive understanding of how to use language to serve empathy, assert needs, or share joy as the situation demands. Each mode \'96 romantic, friendly, playful, serious, supportive, argumentative \'96 is rendered in distinctive linguistic colors, all contributing to a richer, context-dependent portrait of the author\'92s communication style.\

\f1\b Sources:
\f0\b0  The analysis above is based on the author\'92s iMessage logs from 2015\'962025, with representative examples drawn from conversations with a romantic partner (Annie) and various friends/family. Direct quotes from the logs illustrate the mechanical traits in different scenarios, e.g. affectionate vocabulary in 2016 romantic texts, profanity in a 2018 conflict, playful banter with a friend in 2020, and supportive guidance in 2019, among others. These examples and their timestamps substantiate how the author\'92s style shifts across relationship dynamics and emotional contexts. Each cited log line is evidence of the broader patterns identified in this phase of stylometric analysis.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}