{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 STSongti-SC-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 ZapfDingbatsITC;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ultra-heavy minimalist left-field bass drop at exactly 140 BPM. Architecture: massive sub dominance, extreme negative space, surgical rhythmic precision. Pure reference to LYNY \'93Section\'94 drop \'97 filthy wobbly FM bass that rearranges your chest cavity, simplistic yet devastating sound design, hard-hitting clean drums, zero overproduction. Impact via raw low-end weight and deliberate sparsity. 16\'9632 bar drop, instrumental, zero melodic filler, zero stutters, zero concessions.\

\f1 \'a8\'81
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'82
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'83
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'84
\f0  
\f2 \uc0\u10023 
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'84
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'83
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'82
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'81
\f0 \
PHASE 1: PERCUSSIVE SKELETON\
Distorted 808 kick: scalpel-sharp transient, phase-locked sub-weight strictly 35\'9650 Hz, tight punchy decay that punches through without bloom.  \
Dry metallic snare/clap hybrid: crisp high-frequency snap + white-noise burst, absolute zero reverb tail.  \
Groove: minimalist half-time trap feel with subtle, purposeful syncopation and restrained swing \'97 maximum breathing room between hits.\

\f1 \'a8\'81
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'82
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'83
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'84
\f0  
\f2 \uc0\u10023 
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'84
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'83
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'82
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'81
\f0 \
PHASE 2: THE BASS LEAD (FILTHY WOBBLE & GROWL)\
Multi-oscillator FM synthesis bass: layered sines + gritty modulators creating rubbery-metallic yet filthy, slithering timbre. Heavy modulated resonant filter (low-pass/band-pass) for organic wobble and evolving movement. Expressive downward pitch envelopes + subtle MPE-style bends on every note.  \
Processing: crushed into aggressive brick via brutal OTT-style multiband compression; light saturation/distortion for added filth and harmonics without mud.  \
Rhythm: sparse, impactful note placement \'97 each sound evolves internally through modulation rather than rapid gating. Let the wobble and filter movement carry the aggression.\

\f1 \'a8\'81
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'82
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'83
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'84
\f0  
\f2 \uc0\u10023 
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'84
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'83
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'82
\f0  
\f1 \'a8\'81
\f0 \
PHASE 3: THE SPATIAL VOID\
Core signals mono-locked and dead-center.  \
Off-beat only: ultra-sparse randomized panned micro-foley (hydraulic hiss, glass shatter, guttural breath/grunt).  \
Master sidechain triggered by the kick: total annihilation of everything (including noise floor) into vast, engineered silence \'97 the voids must feel heavier than the drops.\
Deliver cold, clinical, high-impact minimalism. Textural brutality through subtraction. Maximum psychoacoustic weight via sub mass and silence. Raw, uncompromised, anti-mainstream filth.\
}